I decided to learn risc-v assembly, and this is the university playground made.

each of the directories in /home/ritz/programming/ai-stuff/ contain a sample
project, all of them incomplete, and all of them serving as examples of the
design and philosophy of the example projects built for university.

All in risc-v assembly.

there are many documents and vision statements, and many of them are useful.
the source-code is always broken, to give the student room to explore.
and none of it is in risc-v assembly.
that is reserved for this directory, the risc-v-university-playground.

in this directory, we start by creating lesson plans. we do this after reviewing
the tickets of suggested or intended next-steps for learning the systems.

future phases should include all the concepts discussed in previous ones,
making up side-quests and similar-objectives which use the previous functionality
in the new and revising current subject.

the ordering of the syllabus matters, but it's vague and broken down by chapter
so there's plenty of room to expand. in fact, each chapter gets it's own
directory, with several .md files that explain a particular concept. ideally,
with examples, or picture diagrams which illustrate a point. these can be
constructed with code that produces arrow diagrams pointing at variables which
represent various concepts and which have x,y positions and are arranged
in a map pseudo-randomly according to theme as determined by an LLM embedding
which can be found in one or more of the directories above.

the issues in this project include all work items that may be completed while
building the project. No ticket, no work is done. everything must be written
down, captured somewhere, ideally in the relevant ticket but sometimes in
related and assorted documentation. Ideally, this documentation would be
referenced in the ticket as well, with information appended but not edited.

the examples can start out simple. they should grow in complexity as the users
toolkit is created and expanded. new ideas and new concepts should emerge, as
the user creates tickets and the build-out of capabilities is un-depleted.

a description of each inspirational example project (none of which are editable)
should be included in the docs directory, in a subdirectory called examples.
these examples should have lists of required functionality (functions and data-
-structures and cyclical operations (services)) that are required for that
example but which are not present in the "recently-explained-functionalities.md"
file.

each vision file should be mentioned in a summary that includes the most unique
keys or related descriptors for each vision file, so it may be easily found
when being examined by data.

in general, files that feel important or shallow should be examined and updated
more than once in the same or different contexts. Often it makes sense to read
in one file, write and update it with what's earlier in context, then read a 
different file, then update the first one again. other times it makes sense to
read in a file, update it, then read in a nother file, then combine both and
create a new one and remove both old files. There are many designs patterns to
find, see if you can collect them all!

special attention and care should be taken to explaining the non-algorithmic
features and considerations of risc-v. each consideration or feature should have
a lesson oriented around it, with an emphasis on exploring new topics and not on
routine or exercise. there must always be luck involved - let the player user
take the next step.
