This is the result of my enquiry

Humans think, thinking is the process of trying to understand with thought. Thought is the the language we use talking to ourselves. The whole process of thought creates a lot of thinking and questioning. Couscioiuness is not aware of itself. Its aware of thought, thought is aware of couscioiuness. When searching in ourselves it can feel empty we cant find counciness, it cant look at itself.

This creates emptiness because couscioiuness is the experiencer. Its like the traveler not knowing he is the traveler itself, to find itself becomes impossible. This creates a conditioned mind when seeking. trying to find the passanger when being the passanger is a way to get deeper and deeper in yourself to find that nothing is there, causing sensation of infitive space.

Thought, thinking and all that try to make sense of things, Forgetting that its just being. This creates a lot of wasted energy, fear and all that. Buddhisms ancestor is hinduism, so reading about buddism there is easy to tell its conditioned enlightenment comes from that of hinduism.

In The end no one truly knows if there is a spirit or not. If you hade a sensation gratulation i am not taking that away from you. Anybody is free to think what they want or experince and explain what is. I dont know and i cant trust anybodies experience as I dont trust my own.

I dont know if my mind is conditioned to experince something and thats why i say i dont know. The easiest tell tale sign it can be a conditioned experince is if its baised of past knowledge. If you seek spirutality through hinduism or other religius thought how do we know what we experince is not caused of what is sought. Not that its truth.

In The end we cant truly know the anwser. Its better not forget that we are just being and live the life of effortlessness. When youre just being, you have stopped searching for yourself, and because of that you have found yourself. It never was gone.

 - /u/WaynesNFTs
 /r/awakened
