Well, not really secrets, but I have read the DSM-V and there's a bunch of 
(good) stuff written in there, that's not the diagnostic criteria themselves. 
Some of those points are things I've seen discussed in autistic communities,
some are less well known. Which is interesting. I'm gonna pick out some 
(not all) details that I found very good to know. (I hope this is legal, lol)

Let's start with the diagnostic criteria, but not the content, but something 
interesting:

    Persistent deficits in social communication and social interaction across 
    multiple contexts, as manifested by the following, currently or by history

The same thing about restricted and repetitive patterns. The ICD-11 calls this 
'the child must have'. What does this mean? It means you don't have to show 
these at the current moment. Masking is recognized, and this becomes even more 
clear further on.

There's some stuff about levels, and comorbidities. I want to just quote this
one, because I've seen people be confused:

    The severity specifiers (see Table 2) may be used to describe succinctly the
    current symptomatology (which might fall below level 1), with the 
    recognition that severity may vary by context and fluctuate over time. 
    Severity of social communication difficulties and restricted, repetitive 
    behaviors should be separately rated. The descriptive severity categories 
    should not be used to determine eligibility for and provision of services;
    these can only be developed at an individual level and through discussion of
    personal priorities and targets.

Fluctuations (through things like age, burnout, skill regression) are officially
recognized. Also, they shouldn't determine eligibility for and provision of 
services, so whoever goes with 'level 1 means its mild, so they need no support'
is just straight up not following medical advice. Looking at specific 
governments there.

The levels themselves are pretty self-explanatory, and most of the content is 
well known. However, this one part stood out to me, this is describing level 1 
restricted and repetitive behaviors.

    Inflexibility of behavior causes significant interference with functioning 
    in one or more contexts. Difficulty switching between activities. Problems 
    of organization and planning hamper independence.

I see this type of executive functioning discussed so rarely, and there it is -
as a very specific support need for level 1. Basically, the DSM-V is telling 
professionals there's issues with it, and these issues may require official,
life-long (but not daily) supports ... for the 'mild autism'.

Let's pick some quotes out of the official, accompanying text. Most of the stuff
is well-known, like 'is present from early childhood'.

    Core diagnostic features are evident in the developmental period, but 
    intervention, compensation, and current supports may mask difficulties in at
    least some contexts.

Masking, there's the word.

About criteria A:

    [...] Adults who have developed compensation strategies for some social 
    challenges still struggle in novel or unsupported situations and suffer from
    the effort and anxiety of consciously calculating what is socially intuitive
    for most individuals.

Not new, but again, there's the word compensation.

About criteria B:

    Many adults with autism spectrum disorder without intellectual or language
    disabilities learn to suppress repetitive behavior in public. Special
    interests may be a source of pleasure and motivation and provide avenues for
    education and employment later in life. Diagnostic criteria may be met when
    restricted, repetitive patterns of behavior, interests, or activities were 
    clearly present during childhood or at some time in the past, even if 
    symptoms are no longer present.

Describes masking again, and, you read that right, you don't have to show a 
single criterion for B in adulthood for a diagnosis. This is why I put emphasis 
on by history. For people doing self-diagnosis, doubting themselves etc., I
think this is a very important point.

    Adolescents and adults with autism spectrum disorder are prone to anxiety
    and depression. Some individuals develop catatonic-like motor behavior
    (slowing and "freezing" mid-action), but these are typically not of the 
    magnitude of a catatonic episode. However [full catatonia is also possible]

Ever seen this discussed? I haven't. But I do experience this, sometimes.

    Autism spectrum disorder is not a degenerative disorder, and it is typical 
    for learning and compensation to continue throughout life. Symptoms are
    often most marked in early childhood and early school years, with 
    developmental gains typical in later childhood in at least some areas (e.g.,
    increased interest in social interaction). A small proportion of individuals
    deteriorate behaviorally during adolescence, whereas most others improve. 
    Only a minority of individuals with autism spectrum disorder live and work 
    independently in adulthood; those who do tend to have superior language and 
    intellectual abilities and are able to find a niche that matches their 
    special interests and skills. In general, individuals with lower levels of 
    impairment may be better able to function independently. However, even these
    individuals may remain socially naive and vulnerable, have difficulties
    organizing practical demands without aid, and are prone to anxiety and 
    depression. Many adults report using compensation strategies and coping
    mechanisms to mask their difficulties in public but suffer from the stress
    and effort of maintaining a socially acceptable facade. Scarcely anything is
    known about old age in autism spectrum disorder.

Such a nice paragraph. Increased interest in social interaction (meaning, having
interest doesn't rule out autism, looking at some specific psychologists I read 
about here). Skill regression is unfortunately a thing sometimes (good to know
though). Also known and unfortunate is that the best way to work is to make your
special interest into work. Obviously that doesn't work for everyone (not for
me, so far), so there's these marked difficulties.

Organization issues without aid, again!

And masking - again. Including the costs of it. Very important.

    Some individuals come for first diagnosis in adulthood, perhaps prompted by 
    the diagnosis of autism in a child in the family or a breakdown of relations
    at work or home. Obtaining detailed developmental history in such cases may 
    be difficult, and it is important to consider self-reported difficulties.

Yeah, self-reporting is necessary and valid. A behavioural test 
(like the ADOS-2) is not enough to rule out autism.

    Cultural differences will exist in norms for social interaction, nonverbal
    communication, and relationships, but individuals with autism spectrum 
    disorder are markedly impaired against the norms for their cultural context.
    Cultural and socioeconomic factors may affect age at recognition or 
    diagnosis; for example, in the United States, late or underdiagnosis of
    autism spectrum disorder among African American children may occur.

    Autism spectrum disorder is diagnosed four times more often in males than in
    females. In clinic samples, females tend to be more likely to show 
    accompanying intellectual disability, suggesting that girls without 
    accompanying intellectual impairments or language delays may go
    unrecognized, perhaps because of subtler manifestation of social and 
    communication difficulties.

Those issues are pretty well-known in the autistic community, nice to see it's
in the DSM too.

So yeah, there's a bunch more stuff in it about comorbidities, about the 
diagnostic process in children, about how specifically things are impaired. But 
I wanted to share these points, because I've seen some people (weirdly enough, 
often officially diagnosed gatekeepers) be very unclear about these points. And
some of those are just interesting to know. I hope you find it too - for me, it
means the people writing the DSM-V were quite good, and quite aware of problems 
(afaik they got actually autistic people helping them). So, neither dismiss it 
outright, nor take only the diagnostic criteria in themselves literally, and 
miss some key details.

​

Now I just need to figure out why this was a thing in the ICD-10 about
Aspergers:

    Psychotic episodes occasionally occur in early adult life.

??? Is this significant?

