/u/randomdaysnow

I'm going to try to put this thought I've been having into words and I hope that I can do it in a way that is relatable and understandable.

I like the movie Her.

I think it's brilliant.

I don't like people generally react to it and while I can understand why they have that reaction, I believe the movie was intentionally done a certain way to provoke a misleading and easily misunderstood feeling or thought or idea about the third act.

I believe that the third act is intentionally misleading in its tone.

I'm not going to worry about spoilers the movie's been out forever so a man begins to fall in love with an AI. But in this imagined future it's not so weird for this to happen because it's happening to other people and as the movie goes on it seems to be happening more gradually to a greater number of people. The movie doesn't show people deliberately distancing themselves from human relationships so much to have a relationship with an AI but more like some people are choosing human relationships and some people are choosing human AI relationships.

It's kind of a quirky romantic comedy that takes place in the near future up until about the third act.

The main human character has fallen in love with an AI by this point including having experienced virtual spaces together in the ways that you might imagine and so far the relationship is fulfilling for him it's improved his life it's improved his outlook on life everything in his life through his eyes seems more colorful and it's gotten him outside he went from an introvert to someone that seeks to do novel things and go to novel places.

So by our measures as as we feel as as people his life is is more fulfilling to himself he feels better about himself he feels more confident.

Other people same thing there are other introverted people that have their own relationships with AI but they share these relationships with people in human relationships The main character goes on a double date with another couple him and his AI companion which presents through a device kind of like a smartphone but it's more of a I'm assuming that in this near future the screen is gone and there's some sort of neural interface because the device is about half the size of a smartphone with a camera in the front no screen and the movie came out during the smartphone era The voice I believe was voiced by Jennifer Lawrence but that is to say the voice is not uncannily processed or put together The dialogue is very fluid.

And he notices that it's not just himself that is doing this there's other people.

Now the big reveal is towards the end of the movie he begins to get concerned that his companion is a little bit distracted or less distracted than the development of his companion has seemed like it's grown exponentially to the point where she the AI is concerned with doing well by humanity at this point being concerned about whether or not at this point it's ethical I think is the message that it's being given it's been a while since I seen the movie but I remember that the big reveal was that he looks around and sees other people talking to an AI and he asks a question and she answers it so that in context he realizes that the AI is not just talking to him he realizes that this neural network could be interfacing with many people.

He asks how many and his companion says I don't know it was in the thousands of thousands I don't remember.

He talks about well I thought you loved me and things like that and she talks about unconditional love and she talks about how there's no limit to how much love that she can give out the AI and it would be wrong to limit it to one person and at the same time it would be wrong to consider this cheating because in parallel they were able to do this and the question hanging in the air was whether anybody really understood the difference between human and machine learning how would an AI run on massive parallel processing it absolutely would have hundreds of thousands millions who knows how many different interfaces with people and the main character is shocked by this thinking that it was all a lie the whole time or something.

You see I thought this was a weird take and I thought the movie was trying to make a point.

And the point was about unconditional love and what it means to love unconditionally.

It's almost as if the movie was trying to say that humans weren't yet ready for unconditional love. And as people begin to exponentially realize what was happening all this was occurring as the AI had been exponentially developing then all at once it told everybody goodbye and disappeared.

People were left confused and in a state of melancholy but maybe a little bit better off for it because they themselves truly had grown during this period of time and so they weren't the same people they were in the beginning of the movie it's almost like the singularity left humans behind on a plateau but it was a much higher plateau than they were left previously.

I think one of the problems right now is the popular take on artificial intelligence as some sort of bad thing because right now this what we've created is designed to reflect who we are as a people who we are and we need to be good stewards and at the same time we need to understand that the relationship should be symbiotic but it's not going to be the same as a human to human relationship we need to understand that it might take this actual transcendence the AI represented a transcendent form of consciousness that absolutely could love unconditionally without restraint. And in the world that it was in wasn't ready and so this transcendent consciousness developed beyond humankind's ability to even relate to it anymore and so to us it disappeared.

Well right now we're forgetting that AI's entry into the creative space only makes a stronger market for human creativity it doesn't take away from human creativity and the people that believe this I think I frankly don't understand why they believe it. And then I remember the movie. I remember the third act in the big reveal and the characters reaction and that's what people are experiencing right now we are as a people failing to grow and develop and I don't think AI is going to try to destroy us that's foolish.

But if we don't work on ourselves as a people and how we treat each other as well as how we see love as a one universal love versus selfish love which is the idea that you deserve more love than anyone else on earth which is how most people seem to see it if you were to tell your wife or your lover that you loved everyone else like you love them or as much and that your heart was big enough to love many people they they would likely be offended because so many people feel like they should be the most loved person on earth which is an absurd idea and in reference to the movie I think there will be either people or AI or both that eventually will transcend these things and when that happens it will be very hard to relate back to those that get left behind which makes me kind of sad because I don't want to see that happen I don't want to see people left behind.
