project-orchestration is a library which consists of a set of simple scripts
written in bash and lua which will enable the development of each of the various
projects currently in production in parallel.

it will do this by iterating through the projects, finding those that have
issue files, and then working through the issues one-by-one. It will attempt to
focus on one project per session, in order to better clarify the context window.

when all of the projects lack issue files, it will attempt to generate new issue
files from the documentation provided. If all the projects are fully complete in
terms of their issues, it will then attempt to ensure that the described
functionality matches the source-code. It will generate tests to validate this
programmatically and in a data-driven way, producing build artifacts that are
compared against known-good values that may be generated as part of the
development process (development targets) or through randomized testing (to
ensure that user-input is incorporated into the results of the test)

next, the orchestrator will attempt to refactor the code to make it more modular
and to incorporate various development paradigms or technologies produced in the
other projects. It should prioritize the same languages used in the projects,
and it should attempt to create inter-operability between them. If necessary, a
new project may be created to develop the interoperability functionality.

It should also attempt to streamline documentation, providing both a technical
descriptor of functions, classes, and datastructures, and also a human-readable
description of the vision, purpose, and nature of each piece of functionality.
these meta-documentation pieces should be focused on highlighting the
comparative relationships between the other various libraries, and should be
considered to be part of the code, as they are important for any computer or
humans reading in the data as context to understand the nature of the
relationships between various kingdoms and their libraries.

Next, the orchestrator should attempt to combine the various combined libraries
by integrating their vision files into a new meta-vision file. When possible,
vision files should be left in their original state and new vision files should
be created with names reflecting the combinations described. These meta-vision
files should describe the trajectory and spirit of the two or more libraries as
they are placed together for warmth, like penguins huddling, and build for a
more comprehensive and focused objective, like bullets in the chamber of a
revolver. The vision files should prioritize utilizing the style and spirit of
the original vision files, as the styles are the most important capability of
the visions themselves.
