a set of utilities which are networked together with a miniature .exe style executable client
designed for one thing alone: generate a single picture per day for every picture 
in a pictures directory and store it in a separate directory called "picture-
-generation" which takes as input every single file in a user's picture-generation
directory as context and matched with the original picture

                                                                                                                                                             it would create a picture after
                                                                                                                                                             a delay, which would then be
                                                                                                                                                             used to collate into a vast but
                                                                                                                                                             methodical timelapse style
                                                                                                                                                             growth or remediation phase.

thus the effects of marijuana did began to fade, and she toked up once more.

okay so it's a day later, lemme explain what this project is about:

essentially, it looks at a directory of pictures (recursively) and creates a
new, separate directory at a location specified in the config file. In this new
directory, it creates a new directory for each picture / file in the target
directory. They should have the same names. This process is utterly sandboxed
from the original.

Then, it runs an image generator on each picture once per day and saves the
results in the newly created directory. This should enable future timelapse
support, as each picture takes itself as input and each other picture in it's
directory and each other picture in the target pictures directory. The ratio
is as follows: 1 original picture (iterating through each of the generated pics)
to 1 random picture (generated or original) in the newly created directory.

This ratio will preserve the spirit of the original while allowing it to be
altered and guided by the random pictures in the newly created directory.
