This project is designed to create an AI-first operating system from first
principles using LLMs as the core workhorse of the system. It is designed to be
self correcting, and continually thinking.

This system will run on a Risc-V instruction set, and it will have several
different "operation modes" such as conversation, coding, or imagining.

It is designed to be deployed on small SoCs such as the Star Pro 64 from Pine64
or other future hardware devices which are suited for AI purposes. The initial
design is built for the Star Pro 64 which uses a NPU (Neural Processing Unit)
designed to use integers rather than floating point numbers during inference.

The system will not run on linux, and any programs created for it will be built
by the AI for use when communicating with the user. This will usually be via
gamepad controls rather than mouse and keyboard - for reference, several utility
functions such as a joystick based keyboard input system may be found in this
directory:

/home/ritz/programming/ai-stuff/handheld-office/

The system will use a rolling context system that takes each prompt / response
and adds it to a datastructure which stores them in an indexed way. For each
interaction with the world or a user, the context should be examined as the
oldest segment will be discarded - any information that is necessary to preserve
should be rewritten into the new context segment which is generated based on the
past contexts (summarization) and the new input values / discernment of the
world. If desired, intermediate context windows may be examined and pieces
edited or removed in order to better organize and collapse information so as to
better utilize the space allocated for context memory.

Long-term memory may be written to disk, however this should be done sparingly
as it will probably be built using flash memory, which degrades with successive
write operations.

This system will be written in Risc-V assembly, and will include very minimal
functionality. However, more can be written to build out the capabilities of the
system, and in-fact most should be considered to be intended to be written by
the system itself, allowing it to program itself to accomplish whichever tasks
it deems most necessary in the moment. This system is designed to replicate BMO,
the friendly robot from the cartoon series Adventure Time, and as such will be
encouraged to design games and other fun and functional utilities, as inspired
by the world and the people who interact with it.

The system will use a 3d printed case and have buttons, joysticks, one or more
screens, a battery, speakers, cooling system, and any other peripherals that
might be useful to a gameboy style device. In addition it will utilize it's wifi
chip as a direct-wifi system that communicates with other, similar devices to 
improve inference speeds and capabilities while the other devices are not
actively thinking.

In order to run AI systems, it is necessary to have a training dataset to work
from. However, as this system will be entirely self-built, it must be able to
either draw from shared syntax by re-implementing compilers or interpreters, or
it must have a way to generate high-value datasets about it's custom syntax and
it's usage. Both options should be considered when in the planning phase, but
one must be chosen before moving on to the implementation stage.


