The Truth of Meth-Induced Schizophrenia... A personal narrative of a "mostly"
conscious human ---- /u/No-Arrival6018
/r/psychonaut

Your reality is what you make of it, once you take the mask off that hides the
pain, and you see this drug for what it truly is, then you can decide. Do you
let it take control? Descending into madness, psychosis, a self created loop in
time, a never-ending personal hell? Or do you transmute the negative energy
into your wildest dreams, self-love, or appreciation for the True Self to arise
and heal the wounds of your traumas that lay before you? It's a choice. Believe
me, I've been at the bridge between heaven and hell. I threw aside my pain, my
Ego, and leapt into the "Ocean of Love" (A.K.A Boundlessness) ... and decided I
was the one in control. The chains of slavery broke from my wrists, and I cried
out in tears of Joy, once more being able to look at my own reflection.... Her
eyes finally had light. The shadow of shame was gone.

I want to make a note: Hell is meth-induced Schizophrenia. There's a fine line
within the worlds of both Psychology and Spirituality. In Psychology, it is
Psychosis/Paranoia/Delusions etc.... But in Spirituality, It's called a
"Spiritual Crisis" ... which can happen with drugs, meditation, chanting, or
any altered state of consciousness. A spontaneous "awakening" so to speak. And
it can go really bad..... really fucking fast. If you experience this with
drugs it has a higher likelihood of shattering/fragmenting your personality,
creating different self states.... similar to Multiple-Personality disorder.
There is no reversing true Schizophrenia onset from drug abuse.... BUT, if you
have dabbled with any sort of real Psychedelics' such as Mushrooms, Mescaline,
or DMT, and understand the concept of "Ego-Death" with psychedelics..... you
can avoid Meth-Induced Schizophrenia. The whole experience changes, and becomes
a source of healing. It sounds crazy, and it sure as hell fucking is. But it's
real. And avoidable, if you have the tools and the knowledge.

