Mental illnesses are technically the result of neurochemistry, but what people tend to forget that our experiences and our lifestyle affect neurochemistry in a major way. You see this most clearly in trauma-related disorders (such as PTSD and C-PTSD), because those can occur in previously perfectly healthy individuals and fundamentally change the way those individuals process information, store memories and react to stimuli.

And living under late stage capitalism is fucking traumatic.

War and terrorism are traumatic. Colonialism is traumatic. Being poor is traumatic. Financial crises are traumatic. The 24 hour news cycle is traumatic. Abusive/dangerous work environments are traumatic. Police brutality is traumatic. A lot of online content is traumatic. Cyberbullying is traumatic. Being a minority that's the target of yet another culture war is traumatic. Climate change and environmental destruction are traumatic. Most countries' education systems are traumatic. Having your privacy invaded and your personal information stolen is traumatic.

And that's not even getting into the damage that being overworked and constantly stressed out does to your brain. Or the pollutants we're exposed to every single day. Or the shitty food we eat. Or the fact that many of us rarely get fresh air and sunlight. Or being unable to have friends and a family, or spend time with those that we have. Or having to live in gray concrete hells overrun with suffering people, right next to displays of outrageous wealth. Or being too poor, too worn out and/or too busy to pursue our artistic and intellectual interests. Or being constantly bombarded with messages that systematically chip away at our self-esteem to get us to buy more products.

The worst thing is that we can't get away from any of that because meaningful political participation is completely impossible for all but a lucky few, and most of us are too tired or too sick to do anything anyway. Or we've been brainwashed into thinking that collective action (no matter decentralized) is somehow authoritarian and that rugged individualism is the only way to pull yourself up by your bootstraps.

Treating the nightmare we live in with antidepressants is like treating a gaping, bleeding wound with painkillers.

 - /u/bigbutchbudgie
