###############################################################################

This system is literally insane but they try to make it feel like you're insane

###############################################################################
|                                                                             |
+---- /u/Nervous_Ad_9687 - May 30th 2022                                      |
|                                                                             |
+---- /r/Psychonaut                                                           |
|                                                                             |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

This society is fucking deranged and insane. Like fundamentally mentally deranged, there is mass psychosis as a culture of humanity. I’m not naming specific countries, races or groups, I just mean as a race of beings on this planet, what’s our culture as a group? Sex and Murder. But I don’t believe that, because I’m way more complicated than that. I really don’t want to murder, I don’t see any utility in that. I’m able perceive beauty. A lot of these deranged people that are causing the problems in the world are just trying to exert power over other people.

I don’t want to be a king. I want to be rich only because society has placed a monetary value on the exchange of goods and services. I completely understand that the value is actually in the people. The people are incentivized by the money, but if I could make my local convenience store owner a beat in exchange for the products, I would never try to make a dollar. If I could give my favourite restaurant owners an essay in exchange for an order I would never make another dollar. But the people are incentivized by money, which isn’t necessarily a bad thing, until the people are willing to justify certain means for certain ends. The thing is, this entire system was built by people who separated the means from the ends, and knew it while they were doing it, and knew that it would come back to haunt them.

“ Indeed I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just; that his justice cannot sleep forever; that considering numbers, nature and natural means only, a revolution of the wheel of fortune, an exchange of situation is among possible events; that it may become probable by supernatural interference! The Almighty has no attribute which can take side with us in such a contest.” Thomas Jefferson, Notes on the State of Virginia Query xviii: Manners (1784)

These people knew the ultimate ramifications of what they were doing. Now we are watching collapse in real time. And from that something does rise out of the ashes. Whether we like it or not change is imminent. There are things that serve us and things that don’t.

I’m not a savage. My grandmother was an author until insane people who burn books burned her books during times of unrest and turmoil. My culture is creativity, it’s part of my DNA. I am a sophisticated human being, I don’t want any control over anyone else, I don’t want power over anyone else, I want control and power over myself, and that’s hard by itself. Sometimes it’s hard for me to clean my room, let alone wanting to exert force over another individual. I’m too cool for those intentions. I want to do things that bring me joy, I want to be in spaces I’m comfortable in, I want to be around people I love, I want to eat food that tastes good, I wouldn’t mind growing it, and cooking it, I want to look at beautiful things, I want to be creative and imaginative, I want to spread joy, love and positivity, i want to create the best thing I could ever make, I want to take pictures of sunsets and hang out with cool people, I want to see the newest artists, the newest creatives and musicians, the coolest designers, I want to learn things I never knew, i want to do things I’ve never done before, I want to have as much fun as I possibly can in one lifetime, I want to be around and learn from scientists, engineers, architects, and philosophers, i want to be around the beautiful people with pure intentions hell bent on making the world a more enjoyable place.

I don’t know a single person that wants to be in a conflict, everyone tells you they just want to chill, but I feel like humanity as a culture, in a very general, yet specific sense, is just unaware of how to achieve that. I mean that very fundamentally, many people are scared of death cause they haven’t figured out how to live, so they make stuff up to complain about and create problems where there are none. That’s why they try to control people, cause they don’t know how to enjoy life, and some of that inability to enjoy life comes from this systems perspective of what’s a worthy incentive to chase. People are willing to give away their lives, their children, their values, their belief systems, their cultures, their ways of life, their time, all for Pyrrhic victories. They embark on meaningless quests for meaningless rewards that ultimately harm everyone. The mark of an evolved individual is being able to attract to themselves without impeding on someone else’s human rights, ways of life, or existence. We live on the planet where food grows out of the ground. Almost everything else is a man made problem. We are sophisticated enough to operate devices that people would have called sorcery a hundred years ago, but some of our attributes are still so primitive, embarrassingly primitive.

Mass shootings make me ashamed to be a human being. Slavery makes me ashamed to be a human being. Sexual assault makes me ashamed to be a human being. War makes me ashamed to be a human man being. I see deer in the park and can’t help but think of how ignorant we can be in comparison. They gallop around grass, eating as they go, sticking together, avoiding roads and cars surprisingly accurately, and living their best lives. Then I turn on the tv and I see people that are really supposed to lead me screaming at each other, wearing blackface, going to war, enslaving people, destroying the planet, arresting scientists, killing well meaning people, it’s ugly. But I know I’m not doing that, I know I have the intention to be a good human being that adds value to other peoples lives and I really don’t want to control or harm anyone for any ends whatsoever.

I don’t think there’s an end as valuable as a person, I don’t think there’s an end as valuable as my time, I don’t think there’s an end as valuable as my creativity, I don’t think there’s an end as valuable as kindness, I don’t think there’s an end as valuable as Beauty, I don’t think there’s an end as valuable as skills. But I also come from a nomadic people. I’m only 1 generation removed from people who lived solely off of livestock. If you are in control of your own mind, you can survive any environment and any condition. That’s why Mandela could spend 27 years in jail and come out sane. His mind was his sanctuary. He was in his right mind while his oppressors who were supposed to be of a superior intellect were actually suffering from mass delusion, a form of psychosis they tried to indoctrinate him into. Mandela actually saw reality for what it was, apartheid was an institution of psychopathic and deranged people, blinded by psychopathic and deranged ends, that persist to this day. The problem is, in a society of lies the truth really does seem crazy.

James Baldwin said these people were so crazy that they had really convinced themselves that the world they created, and the categories they created, the things they did to create their alleged privileged position, these beliefs they made us believe are actually superior modes of being, to be a fox is to be superior, to be a conqueror is to be superior, to be a wolf in sheeps clothing is seen as an intelligent form of being, trickery, chicanery and manipulation are lauded as tactical, having control over people and land is seen as intelligent, as opposed to completely ludicrous. These people are ridiculous, the world they made is nonsense, their incentives are laughable, their system is a joke, and the great thing is, once you realize that You realize what the real valuable things are in life, I’ve actually been given a glimpse at the things that make life worthwhile, I’m grateful everyday to have felt them, I’m grateful everyday to be outside at a certain time when the sun is going down, and being able to see that, and appreciate it, I’m grateful everyday for my ability to love, I’m grateful everyday for my ability to ponder, I’m grateful everyday for my ability to create, and to enjoy music, and to know the value of good conversation, and know the value in the exchange of information, and the value and utility of information when applied in my day to day life.

I know the value of a good color palette, I know the value of juxtaposition, I know the value of symmetry, i know the value of art, I know the value of science, I know the value of human beings and what we are capable of when we apply our minds to the things that are worthwhile in this life. I really don’t think most politicians know all of that, I personally can’t imagine ever taking those role, I don’t see the actual value most of them have in society. I understand they’re put in place to allocate and delegate, and Im related to many people involved in politics in some way shape or form, and I completely understand that sometimes people do get into positions with the idea that they are going to be benefiting society, and that’s all good and well. But I feel like the culture of those positions inherently just lead to a middleman position. It’s people put in between people providing the value, trying to control the exchange of value.

I’m being reductive to a certain extent, but when you look at the state of the world you can’t really tell me they’re doing a good job, I’m talking about as a collective. We do more for each other and ourselves than any monarch, President, mayor, or congressman can ever do for us. Many corporations do more for us than politicians have ever done for us. I respect Jeff Bezos way more than Joe Biden. This isn’t a rant about any politician in particular but I only make that comparison because of recent events that disgusted me, personally speaking. Say what you want about Jeff Bezos, I receive everything from Amazon on time, way faster than how long online shipping used to take less than a decade ago, I get great customer service, I know a bunch of people that have been employed by them, what ever you would like to say about his workplace practices, his service is providing value to peoples lives. Joe Biden went on Twitter and ranted in the same way I’m kind of doing now.

I’m a 23 year old sitting on a couch talking shit, and the President was pleading to me how I’m supposed to be pleading to him. The same President that told Black people they weren’t black if they didn’t vote for him, went on Twitter and asked me how to end white supremacy. If I don’t see value, I don’t see value. America is trillions of dollars in debt and many of this systems ideologies are harming everyone. Buts this isn’t just America they’re just the main superpower so they’re the prime example, but this is a global issue, this is a flawed system, the way this man made world is, in its current form is incorrect.

Nature is not incorrect, nature makes perfect sense. You guys aren’t living right. I’m speaking from an outsiders perspective because that’s how I’ve always seen myself. I never wanted to hurt other kids when I was kid, I was never a bully, I’ve never had the inclination, I’ve never seen it as useful. That’s not how I attracted what I wanted to myself. I didn’t have to conquer to get what I wanted. Girls never liked me cause I was tough. People were always around me cause of my personality. I never got paid to beat someone up. I have been paid to use my words, I’ve been paid to use my time, I’ve been paid to use my creativity, I’ve been paid to use my ingenuity, intelligence, inspiration and motivation, I’ve been paid for my value, not to sound like I’m bragging but I feel like that’s what actually valuable people ever attain value for, their value. There’s no amount of money that can make someone cool, there’s no amount of money or skin color that can make someone valuable.

In the words of Tony Stark, if you’re nothing without the suit, you shouldn’t have it. If all you have is your money or your race, it’s still not going to make you interesting, it’s not going to make you talented, it might make you superficially good looking but it’s not gonna make you fun. There are millionaires that kill themselves, and supposedly superior people killing themselves and each other. It’s so barbaric and clear that any being that claims superiority yet acts like a baboon has no concept of what superiority would even look like. Our society’s main problem was how skewed their value systems were. That’s why their society is crumbling in front of our eyes.

I feel bad for my generation cause we really didn’t do any of that, we were just born as it’s reaping what it sewed. People around my age aren’t responsible for this system for the most part, even these kids shooting up schools and killing each other, they’re evil don’t get me wrong, but they’re not evil alone, they’re evil because of ideologies that go so far back that they can’t even fathom it. The brainwashing is so deeply rooted in this structure, it’s rotted their minds. They can’t see past their own savagery. The new society needs to understand that the value is ultimately people. I’d rather be stranded on an island with the best chef than the richest man, the wittiest politician or someone of a supposed superior race. Kindness is a form of intelligence and brilliance, there’s nothing noble about exerting force and power to impede on the rights of others.

Don’t be a nonsense person, don’t fall into how ridiculous this society is, their ideas are backwards but they’ll try to convince you they’re progressive. They’ll do damage and act as though it’s virtuous, they think ignorance is wisdom, they just can’t see the full picture. A lot of these people really don’t understand things like love, taste, laughter, and joy. I don’t know if the society I’m hoping for comes in my lifetime, but I know how I’ve chosen to live, and that’s ultimately all I care about, and all I personally think anyone should care about. Instead of trying to control other people, or trying to leave a legacy, more than trying to achieve fame or infamy, we should think of building communities with likeminded people of various necessary skills, trades and resources, with an emphasis on creating and experiencing beauty. I’m using the term beauty as a metaphor for all the things that are self evidently the right things to be doing. Good parents are beautiful, a job well done is beautiful, cleanliness is beautiful, creativity and knowledge are beautiful, culture is beautiful, excellent electrical work, plumbing, architecture, landscaping, artists, musicians, chefs, friends, family members, an honorable agreement, a fair trade and exchange, all of these are self evidently beautiful. Harmony is self evidently beautiful.

Joy is self evidently beautiful, laughter, happiness, grace, aesthetic appreciation, these things are self evident. At least they should be. Things that are ugly are also self evidently ugly, and our job should be the elimination of the ugly. And I don’t mean go and kill that person you don’t find sexy, I mean eliminating these deranged psychotic ways of being from our day to day. Stop treating wars like a conversation piece and start treating it as what it is, human beings becoming lunatics. These politicians lose their minds, same as these kids shooting schools. The politicians are setting the example. I’ve seen the behavior in children throwing tantrums and none of us allow that. We all understand that the children are going insane for a second, but nobody ever steps back from insane situations and calls them insane.

Why isn't George Bush being prosecuted for war crimes after admitting that the War in Iraq was unjustified? It just became a meme like millions of people didn't die in some of the most cruel and inhumane manners in human history. It’s literally a viral moment, they’re calling it the “Freudian slip of the millennium” this thing is a joke to them. These people are deranged. They are morally bankrupt. No group is free from these people. No race is free from these people, even if it does seem like certain groups perpetuate certain actions more than others, not pointing any fingers but I think we all know who I’m talking about. But I’ve seen enough people from every group to redeem my faith in individuals. Even though I do think certain cultures approaches do come from certain environmental factors that forced them into certain ways of life, that continue to perpetuate themselves to this day. If you come from a place of scarcity, and you could only bring what you needed to yourself through taking it from someone else, or harming someone else in order to attain it, that will be the way you interact with the world, even culturally, things that are unnecessary become habitual tradition. So they built this society on those ideologies, killing natives, colonizing lands and enslaving people. Then we’re shocked when they’re consistent every generation. That’s usually how culture works.

Culture is pretty consistent because it’s taught in the home. To understand how insane the society I live in today is, and the level of cognitive dissonance that exists, you must first understand this thing they do called “Land acknowledgement.” Where they shoutout all the Natives they killed. Land acknowledgment is crazy because it’s like if I break in your home, move everyone in my family in, kill everyone in your family, and I constantly remind you that it’s your house, I killed your whole family, and I will continue living here for the foreseeable future. I’ve never heard of anything meaner, and the funniest part is, it’s the ones who think they’re the good ones doing it. I really believe they think they’re helping when they do land acknowledgments, but deep down they know that’s not helping the people on reservations without clean water. This system is silly, the problem is it’s dangerous. It’s laughably corrupt beyond belief. In plain sight. That’s also why it’s falling, embarrassingly. This will go down as one of the funniest societal collapses of all time.

I love the modern western world more than any other period in time, culturally and conceptually. A lot of the ideas and art of this civilization have influenced us and evolved us, in spite of its actual objectives. The system those people conjured up was created to destroy me, I shouldn’t be able to write this, I shouldn’t be able to have my own thoughts, I shouldn’t be able to see how silly it all really is, but it simultaneously gave me that ability. I don’t want a complete collapse of this system, but it’s obviously built on an unsustainable foundation, and whether it purges itself, or nature purges it, the conditions created by it can’t last.

This way of being is not sustainable, war isn’t sustainable, greed isn’t sustainable, fear isn’t sustainable, corruption isn’t sustainable, oppression isn’t sustainable, injustice isn’t sustainable, pollution isn’t sustainable. You’ll get away with it but it’s really only for so long and if you don’t see how what Thomas Jefferson was talking about is coming to pass, I’m sorry that you’re blind. I don’t hate any group of people, I see people as people, I do hate the system created by a small group of elites in order to oppress people in the globe and make poor colonized people around the world feel content with their awful circumstances because at least they’re better than another group. This is a global phenomenon. It’s a silly system perpetuated by silly people who bring no real value outside of the colour of their skin, their ethnicity or their gender, they have no talents, they have no skills, they’re not interesting, they don’t know how to communicate effectively, but at least they get to be part of a group.

Certain people have no real identity and that’s what these ideologies and institutions prey on. From gangs, to military recruiters, the police, political parties and religious institutions all prey on this need for individuals to belong to a group, and there’s nothing wrong with that if the group is founded on something real or productive. My skin color and gender is the least cool thing about me, those are just biological facts about me, and to think you know anything about me based on those facts is like thinking you know something about someone because they have acne. It’s a silly justification for a silly system, but it leads these insecure insane people to do horrific things to other human beings.

These are the nonsense people and we live in the nonsense times where the nonsense is heightened and they want us to act like it’s a political issue. Like someone’s dead kids is a parking ticket to be handled in a court with a juror and evenly sided arguments coming from both sides. Like anyone wants to hear the other side of this? Like we need a devils advocate in a satanic system? Like anyone cares about the other side of this? As if it matters what the deranged lunatic has to say. And that’s what the whole system is founded upon. Murderers and power hungry maniacs with insane means to justify their insane ends, who have attained enough influence over the world to convince people of the superiority in their way of life, and who’s ideologies have trickled down from generation, to generation, we constantly relive the same situation. Murder is as frequent on this planet as greetings at this point, but we still have the ability to choose between the two. We can choose to live together in peace and harmony, regardless of the global power outages and weather conditions, if human beings are united and focused on a common goal, we can really do anything.

When society works it’s a wonderful thing, when systems work it’s a beautiful thing, organization is a beautiful thing, everything in nature is organized for a common task. Ants, plants, bees and trees are all able to synchronize, communicate and be productive towards a common purpose without resorting to the levels of barbarism that we’ve unfortunately succumb to as a race of beings up to this point. The thing is, regardless of how much we continue to study history and find parallels with the past, we can never really go back in time. We’re always living in the moment. It’s always right now, and we have the ability to make decisions with every second, every minute and every day that passes, we are able to decide who we want to be and what we want to become.

I don’t want my kids to grow up doing shooting drills like me. I don’t want my kids to grow up in a world where people are at war. I don’t want my kids to grow up in a world with this level of greed and scarcity mentality. I don’t want my kids to feel as invaluable as this society tries to make human beings feel. I would want my kids to know that their value is in them, it’s in what they do, it’s in their character, it’s in the knowledge they have and it’s in what they’re able to do with that knowledge that brings something of value to themselves or the world, and that value doesn’t need to be what society deems as the valuable thing to attain. I would want my kids to know that the truth is an inner compass and regardless of the noise outside, you have to stay connected to who you are and be aware of who you are not. I would want my kids to value their time and how they choose to spend it, I would want my kids to know of concepts like leisure, rest, comfort, relationships and joy.

I would want my kids to act as though they mattered, like what they do actually has an impact on the world around them, and that they have the ability to dictate their perception, I would want them to know that just because something is a prevailing practice, doesn’t mean it’s useful. I would want them to know that freedom is their birthright and their responsibility, that there is an incorrect way of being in the world and that you can’t get away with doing the wrong thing, even if you feel like you did, because your ramifications will haunt you, if not in your life then in your childrens. And even then, a life of doing the wrong thing never seems like it’s actually being enjoyed. It seems like these people are miserable, they tell you they’re miserable in how they act. We are the people, we are everything, we are everything we love and we are everything we hate, no one man can rise above the conditions of the whole, the oppressor eventually becomes oppressed himself, like how prison guards ultimately become prisoners themselves. We’re all in this together whether we like it or not and we either learn to live together and in harmony with the way of being or perish.

