imagine to chatGPT city of heroes but with the gameplay of the incredible hulk
and all archetypes were represented
and city of heroes multiplayer style was reimplemented
but with the cadence of a gamecube game

spider man 2 on gamecube network was also true

pls make this for me

I'll give you my 

-- stack overflow --

the beaches should be large, and incur a movement speed debuff
helpful to hover or elfwalk.

the game could be implemented on a gamecube emulator, one which used networking
to inter-co-operate.

-- stack overflow --

wizard apprentices should feel like jedi-monk apprentices

what weapon does the wizard know? wand, for tapping, staff, for pointing, or
dagger, for priming, or other blade, for arming.

the weapon choice reflects the application style, as their greatest tutored fans
grow to know their movements and avatar-style martial artists.

theme it after Elentalus and print dollars

-- stack overflow --

as they grow more powerful, the scale of the simulation of the game changes, but
renders the same. You can zoom out and choose not to remember 0.0001 x,y
landmarks. so long as the relationship is preserved, the truth will come about.

this, combined with the transmission over the network of only the changes or
differentials in the movement patterns of the other player's character so that
it can be calculated locally (or whichever set of minimally required information
was needed to fully recreate the actions of the other player's form)

-- stack overflow --

right, okay, so remember how in the incredible hulk game there were civilians
wandering about? make them sorta like the City of Heroes civilians, and then
understand that bunches of them are gonna get thrown about. Thus necessitating
the creation of the mediporter technology before superheroes are allowed to come
about. Think... time magic, mixed with interdimensionality, allowing the caster
the ability to reach-out over spacetime to recall to the present the aurelian
creature's preservation survivor.

-- stack overflow --

also, remember throwing street-lamp poles as javelins?


