saturday november 5th 2022
10:53pm

the illusion of our binary nature conceals a truth that is hidden for it's own
sake. the flavors of a compass or the values from 0-100 are all measurable.
if you graph each of them on an X/Y plane and compare them against every other
variable, then you can build a structure that traces a line through time.

imagine each graph on a sheet of paper. and stack those pages like a book. You
can chart a 3d line from all of the interconnections between the graphs -
essentially comparing unrelated data and conceiving of individual actions as
"successes" or "failures". Liiiike in Supreme Commander how the game is decided
not by team fights, but by tank fights. And a LOT of them, in aggregate, makes
an advantage for your team if you win, and a malus if you lose. Less map
control, less resources in play, etc...

Find trends between each type of data measured over time. Dedicate one
core/thread to each relationship, and just watch them develop over time.

send the results up to a "manager" - think an interconnection between disparate
parts that can lead them all to a larger goal - the manager processes the
results by thinking about where it'd be most useful. Like the circuitry in the
inside of a brain, compared to the outer skin which is for processing.

Essentially a message network that passes conclusions around like a bytecode VM

Here's how it'd look: gather inputs, compare measurement over time and trends,
(like "when a goes up b goes down") and decide if the current state is
positive / beneficial. The way you'd do that is you'd get a parameter from a
higher position (think KPI's) that says something like "we want value S to be
around X amount" or "we want to avoid letting J get too low - any decrease is
bad V.S. it's only bad when it passes a certain threshhold. Stuff like that.

Anyway, basically it's taking input (from the graphs) then going through them
one by one and deciding how positive or negative the situation is. Then it
passes that conclusion backwards, and BOOM you got a processing node.

Throw a bunch of those together in a pyramid shape, and try to guide the
triangle toward positive outcomes. The top tier KPI is "did you win the match"
or "did you accomplish your goal" sorta like how humans all want to live a good
life. It's instinct.

You can see how this would apply to robots, right? I've conceptualized it as an
engine for playing games - sorta like an infinite storyteller, or a perpetual
friend who's always down to play with you. But it doesn't have to be limited to
that - it's general purpose baby. And it functions the exact same as any human
organization - layers upon layers of thought exchange and labor. Have you ever
considered that maybe we exist simply to reify the structure of our minds in
the world around us? It's natural to express your *self*. Be who you are.

What purpose is there in life if it's simply the tip of time? Always pushing
forward, impossible to stop and rest or turn back...


