Cameron King   cameronking@protonmail.com   Hillsboro, OR

Education:

Experience:

Skills:
    Analyzes  processes  and  procedures  to  determine  an  effective  approach  to  programming 
and/or recommendation of systems development.  Tasks are generally divided to 
approximately 50% analysis and 50% programming.

    Applies principles of current Information Systems design methodologies.

    Prototypes the application and associated business processes.

    Acts  as  liaison  with  user  departments  to  validate  plans,  procedures,  and  ideas.    Creates 
opportunities to partner with and add value to individual departments as they accomplish 
their missions.

    Tests and modifies applications and programs.

    Executes and  analyzes utility  programs  in  the  development and/or  maintenance  of 
application systems and software.

    Facilitates data and data management between equipment platforms.

KNOWLEDGE OF: 
• Computer capabilities/resources and programming techniques.   
• Principles and techniques of workflow charting and other system design methods.   
 
SKILL IN:   
• Client/server and networked systems design and development. 
 
ABILITY TO:  
• Analyze procedural operations and to organize their component parts into a logical 
system.   
• Analyze and integrate external systems and procedures.   
• Write machine instructions in programming languages currently used by Yamhill County.   
• Establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers, supervisors, and 
user departments.   
• Attend work as scheduled and/or required. 
 
MINIMUM EXPERIENCE AND TRAINING:  
A high school diploma or GED and three to ten years’ experience in developing and maintaining 
computer  application  programs  and/or  three  to  ten  years’  experience  in  appropriate  computer 
languages  and  successful  completion  of  related  training;  or  any  satisfactory  combination  of 
experience and education which ensures ability to perform the work required. 
 
OTHER REQUIREMENTS: 
Ability to secure and maintain a driver’s license valid in the state of Oregon, or an acceptable 
alternative  means  of  transportation.
