imagine if there was a stacking inf bonus to players who played on red / blueside
which increased or decreased depending on either A. the number of players online
at the time, B. the proportion of players playing on that team versus the other,
or C. the time of day. Essentially helping to cure the faction imbalance by
offering rewards to one side or the other which would encourage a certain group
in the population of the game to change sides or not.

perhaps frequent changing could grant a title called "mercenary" or something

like "log in for each consecutive day for 10 days straight and each day switch
faction alignment at least once"

... anyway you could cure the faction imbalance between redside / blueside by
offering an INF reward for playing on each side one by one alternating like an
iterator first red then blue or first blue then red either way it doesn't matter
because it'll switch after a while and encourage everyone to switch sides. And
the way the character responds to that stimulus tells you a bit about their
character's personality.

also...

it should not affect AE or Pocket D farms.

Nor missions, TFs, or anything else.

they should SOLELY impact open world patrolling / hunting.

I believe this would not only incentivize people to spend time in the open world
(which is a mostly unused piece of game assets) but it would also increase the
visibility of the newly bolstered faction numbers.

Think about it - if everyone who switched sides is out in the open world, then
they could see each other. They could fight the same mobs, and team up together.
In doing so, they could form greater and greater supergroups - if only through
their interactions with one another as they level up.

If they're lucky, the guild they're recruited into has similar interests in mind
like doing raiding or PvP or economics or alts or whatever. And they each have
their own different styles of operating, it's soooo cute. Like alt guilds will
pop up and then migrate to a new one as people make new alts and grow tired of
them at higher levels.

It's great.

I love MMOs!

I wish people put half as much effort into making an open source WoW client that
they do programming game engines like Godot or Raylib or Bevy. If such a thing
was created, we could have a new rennaisance in indie MMO development. It would
become fully non-proprietary, the entire game-platform-stack. Meaning anyone
could create their own MMO off of it, because (crucially) the serverside soft-
-ware has already been reverse engineered. And open sourced.

Seriously. You wanna make as much bank as Steam? Make an open source client that
lets you design while in it. Then you could charge people for all the games that
they played that were designed and hosted by you the content designing software
maker.

... okay it's probably not that simple I'm going to go play Unreal Tournament2k4
`
