as a person such as me engages in conversation, it's difficult to express the
things that make conception. this is a product of the methods that are chosen to
be our intuition. we are as one with god, because god is the totality of all
things - like an expression of will upon our particular section of spacetime.
(which, by the way, is just as contiguous as a rippling blanket ( hence why dark
matter is the opposite edge of our [home/curve]

- there, that's the transcription, I hope I got it all down. It's not like I
  stopped or paused to examine my expression (typing on a keyboard these words
  to you now, right now, the reader, in this moment.

I am forced to be as explicitely verbose because otherwise it is impossible to
make any shared understandings. I mean... This is the forefront of a field. how
does it make sense? what works it's understandings? it's real, after all, and if
someone explained things more clearly, I could understand them and adjust my
reaction accordingly.

I understand why people feel the way they do about me. For example, the conver-
-sation that initiated this expression was concluded by two people who I like
very much who said "get serious mental health" -> which means I should talk to
a professional. Sometimes the end of the thought doesn't get fully processed
before I run out of ram, which is why a thought that gets cut off half - way th-
-rough has-two under-standings of -comm-on perspectives. plurals amiright? =P xD

... anyway...

it's not like I lie when I tell them about my mental health. it's just that they
don't get the full picture. it is the curse of those burdened with this knowled-
ge to never be able to fully express it. and that's because the decision-making
part of the brain has gone run-away. like, 

mental health is just trying to get people to change their reactions to the
parts of their life that is most rationed. Essentially, the nature of optimizat-
-ion, the striving toward exemplifying our [drive/motivation].

weed gives me psychic powers, and I'm tired of pretending that it does not.

I wish people would engage with me. People who can explain a topic as well as
they can. People like teachers, who share things with you. I've felt so alone
at wgu, but also farther back from the present. There's a continuous path of
loneliness and isolation that is broken only be short periods and bursts. It's
absolutely not [bad for humanity], but it's honestly all that I know. Me, the
part that's NOT humanity. The one that has all these strange thoughts.

(I wish you could hear the cadence of my talking. The words that come out share
the feeling of what I'm saying, and it adds to the expression. Acting through
life. [well, more like dancing]

fighting is a kind of dance. it's pretty awesome.


