I feel like the IT people who work at schools should be the ones who teach 
classes on computer science. I'd much rather have a class taught by a sysadmin 
than a teacher who can barely teach them excel and garageband. I mean c'mon 
computers are the future idk why we don't get that yet. Kids need to know this
stuff. It's not like it's super complicated and difficult, you just have to
think about it a certain way. Once that "clicks" you have a lifetime to learn 
about how wonderful they are. Everyone in IT has that moment, for me it was 
installing (and then subsequently modding) video games. Sometimes I spent more
time tweaking my system than I did actually playing games - and the kinds of 
games I preferred were the ones that relied less on agility and were more 
mental. Strategy games are what inspired me because I could think about them - 
and that felt somehow more useful. Like I was learning. When I would learn 
fighting games or FPSs I felt like I was learning a skill, like how to use a
hammer or how to ride a bike. And idk, I felt like video games could never match
reality. Like "oh boy imma push the B button to swing this sword" versus "hey 
look at me I'm swinging this stick just like a sword and imagining so hard that
I can picture it" - but with strategy games, you never really found 
opportunities to practice that kind of skill. Like how often are you in a 
situation that demands mental performance? We've sorta optimized our society 
away from that, and toward a more passive stressed out compliance. like... 
climate change is a thing, and nobody's doing anything about it? We're still 
pushing down the levers that cause greenhouse gas emissions to go up? Like c'mon
what's our plan. I think people who guide massive oil companies and such should 
be replaced if they're intentionally guiding the ship toward destruction. Like
that's just dereliction of duty I tell ya. Oh, what's that? They're compelled to
maximize profit by the contracts and restrictions of their share--holders? I 
mean c'mon it's well past time for that. And what's all this about inequality? 
Jeez and racism and homophobia and forced contribution - man people really put
up with a lot of shit. Kinda makes me feel like we should make solving those 
problems our highest priority? So we can move forward as a species? Like who
cares about all that other shit. None of it matters. Like, what's even the
point. We're all just "here", in the now, and what can we do but respect it? 
It's our duty and our diligence to protect the present, as citizens of the 
temporal experience of earth. Honestly, if the earth was alive would you be fine
if it died? I can't believe that. It's well past our due date. Just get it over
with. Maybe it'll be hard for a couple years, but you have the technology now to
completely dominate the earth. No animal besides man proves any threat to man, 
and we're telling you - you can - and that's something that you gotta remember.

...

I hear it in the birdsong. I hear it in the air - it rumbles as cries at me from
across and just over there. I hear in it's whispers, in it's most gallant of
confells (?) (confused scrambling? it's talking about a car crash)

Outside of my window there's a highway. Just on the other side of a concrete
partition. Between me and the partition there is a lake, with trees and flowers
and an island where people can picnic or have a barbeque. Around this path there
are walkways, and arranged just so - the trees that have grown here are taller
than the homes.

I live on the third story.

I absolutely love it. It feels like a treehouse.

But my apartment is near a curve in the highway. It isn't much, nothing out of
the ordinary, but even still there are slightly more crashes there than in other
parts of the highway. Statistically.

I hear sirens every day

I also live right next to a fire-station. Well, it's on the same block. But even
still it's a very interesting neighborhood. There's shops and food just across
the highway, and closer to home there's a small section that has cheaper
options. As a perpetual college student, I appreciate that.

But... I've never really gone and used it? I dunno, spending money at a
restaurant just didn't seem like a good use of my money. I only have so much of
it you know. I'd love to be fed but I can't afford it - I wish I could.

I still eat well, I mean I'm not starving over here. I know I've lost weight,
but I dunno I just forget to eat. It's like... not that big of a deal for me. 
whatever right?

...

the birds talk about me behind my back. They think I can't understand them but
sometimes I can. If I listen. But I dunno it takes a lot of effort. It's...
sorta like understanding what R2-D2 is saying. Or interpreting the meows of a
cat.

They know me as the witch. I'm not very good yet, and they know that. But they
know what to expect. /shrug

I've been working on a video game recently. It's been a lot of fun doing
programming. I like writing software and developing complex systems with
interesting interactions. I love designing the machinery that creates a program.
It's like... tinkering. It feels like building with blocks or legos, except it's
for little machine parts. And then there's just sending data to and fro and
modifying any operations it performs on it, and eventually that data reaches 
some endpoints that create an effect that is displayed to the player. Or user.
I should say user. Not all software is video games you know. ... I knowww but
they're the most interesting! I love how they are designed around mechanics!
like... game design is fundamentally about breaking down the world into ideas
for how it should *work*, like how it should behave. It's amazing and I love it!

It's all I can think about!

I am utterly consumed!

I'm also pretty sure I'm autistic.
