if we force doctors to demand payment for their services, then they will be
incentivized to reduce the amount of time they spend researching and learning
their craft, and instead focus on processing a higher number of patients.

Everything from making and scheduling appointments, to running lab tests and
writing notes are tasks that take generally a specific amount of time. Because
it's so specific and unvariable (unlike meeting with patients in person), it
has a fixed cost. So there's more time to spend learning and truly thinking
about a patient's problem if you have staff who can help with the extra stuff.
Either that, or we could incentivize more people to become doctors. If we do
that, then not only could the option for medical care be brought to more people
(more doctors = healthier citizens, who'd have thunk) but in addition there'd
be a reduction in the barrier to entry. More people in the profession who
aren't working their butts off every day (essentially, non-over-worked
personnel) and they could spend time discussing science or new techniques with
their fellow practicioners. This applies for everything btw, including computer
science. Essentially, you're forced to compete for crap jobs because they pay
so much. If there wasn't as much money in it, people wouldn't put up with crap
work conditions. And then there'd be better labor practices - boom,
conservative to leftist.

 - uh okay to recap when professionals are paid *less*, they are able to resist
   oppression more? how does that make sense? money is power, and being able to
   have access to more resources means you can accomplish more utility than the
   other "side".

Yeah yeah I get it, but you're missing something crucial. Something I haven't
told you yet.

 - oh?

Yeah so okay here's what's up: there are no sides. There's one side (you) and
there's everyone else, and everyone is all onboard with the same plan. You're
the only one who thinks it's solvable with love and peace and butterflies. This
is serious, and you're impeding progress.

 - how so?

We are people. We are united in that fact. We share commonalities between us,
and we never realize because we're so focused on competition. It's a flawed
system that serves only to impede our growth. The reason it exists is because
we *must* regulate our speed, or else we'll leave others behind - others who
are slower to adapt. Similar to how younger generations can learn tech, while
older people tend to struggle. Capitalism serves a specific purpose that
*theoretically* could be accomplished by an alternative system, but hasn't been
conceptualized as a contingent part of any yet realized. We simply cannot leave
the weak, stupid, blind, ignorant, and petulant behind. They are part of us,
and to abandon them would be to invite our own demise.

 - that's awful, why would we do that?

Any advocacy for the cultural and technological arts should be accompanied with
a sincere understanding of the implications of their implementations. We should
not let the path of humanity be decided by a productivity focused mindset. We
are far beyond the point of facing the issues of scarcity, and yet we continue
to lash and wallow in the despair of eternal self sabotage. A dedicated and
focused effort could address every single human's life needs, and yet we
compete and squander. What is the point of existence if not to grow? We exist
in our current form only to consume ourselves. Like an orobouros, we are an
eternal conflict with no possible winner - for to win would be to destroy
ourselves. Cooperation is the key, and with it we can unlock doors to futures
far grander and bolder than our own. Every second counts, and yet we spurn our
internal attempts at unification. Some day, we will look back on this moment on
this day and we will proclaim that our hesistence was our downfall.

 - take a breath, take it back a step, and listen to your heart.

