moving through light-speed-hyper-space (speed is distance over time)
works by aligning the "time" particles in the particular direction of where you
want to go in "hyperspace"

== uhhhhh stack overflow ==

always keep these three together

dont let them out of each other's sight

they are in this together

as power must be closely guarded

... but what about the partner? how could they be guaranteed to be protected if
    they didn't possess a lightsaber?

hence why jedi and sith are composed of opposites.

nemesis.

human beings have soul mates

how lucky

a jedi has the life of a mate

one who directly opposes their own individual philosophy.

it is *rare* to find one another

but when you do it is purely a thrill

congrats! You've got a rival! Learn off of them. Don't hurt each other.

I bet you could make a whole 3rd party institution dedicated to finding them

like, a neutral entity searching for balance.

the ripples of the wave of the cosmos.

== so ==

sometimes I worry about all of my exes.

like, as a psychic I can't help but worry that my thoughts are projecting
onto theirs

because of our historical emotional intimacy.

I'd never read their mind on purpose

only if mine accidentally stumbled upon them while thinking about something
else

I'm so sorry, galactic battle guys.

I failed you. I could not protect you. Please choose from among your number
the greatest tactician, and I will guide and offer insight and observations
in how the enemy operates, so that you will be learned and have more known.

oops gotta go, something else is about to come on

== so ==

why the heck is it taking so long to load

hmmmm okay how about more super-hero-fighting-action-game??

no?

maybe a game like Nova Drift, with it's fast and engaging action?

ehhh? no to that too??!

okay what about a story game, like Danganronpa or Danganronpa II?

that's sooooo awfully specific
'
and awful

sure, that's just what I think you should surmise

if you were watching this sorta out of real-time.

Gosh! that's quite a loading screen!

okay what about a different game instead, how about ummm roboquest, a game about
training slaughterbots, or maybe a more interesting game like Star Realms, a way
of exchanging mass and energy in the form of mutually expendable products

... do you mean soldiers?

well, isn't that wat war is?

... somehow not even halfway through the transmission. How wild. What is this
    thing, like four hundred hours??...!...!!!...

== so ==

would you believe this game is about hunting a vampire lord of the sith?
