
you'd still perceive higher dimensions in 3 dimensions - unless you can only see
things that are coming directly toward you. 

magic only happens when your other half is in a situation and needs to turn your
narrative into theirs so that you can collectively engage with a shared inter-
operationality.

your dark side is just a massive bitch

hey how about we put the game designers in charge of running the government

just saying they build human-oriented systems all the time

"how do we get the player to do this or that"

"everyone keeps picking the same card so we gotta make them more different"

"how much gold persists in the virtual economy, how much resources are produced
 and traded by players? where does it all go, do they have enough at level 30 to
 afford weapons and armor? I wonder what happens if we swap prices on A and B.."


it's literally their job

actors, meanwhile, know how to interpret the emotions of another. Like... you're
up on stage, thinking out what to do next IN REAL TIME, as your partner is
trying to throw you curveballs. AUDIENCES LAUGH AT CURVEBALLS that's the whole
point of improv comedy - to be surprised in a state of joy. It's great! It's
fun! It's practicable like a sport! Yet nobody comes. To the shows, where it's
performed, like a hospital where you perform surgery or a pizza place with no
walls so you can see the pizzas being cooked. It's just part of what they do,
but that's not why they do it. Sure, some want to be seen, it's not a BAD
feeling once you're used to it. But, like a sauna or jacuzzi, sometimes you've
just had enough of the hot. Like, the sun peering through a magnifying glass as
a creature roasts alive. yikes.

............. anyway being quickly versatile and adaptable is important when
              you're taking turns in unpredictable scenarios. You can react to
              your opponent, and keep time with the rhythms of the moment, to
              deliver your wittiest lines. It's fun! It's a game! But it's also
              a place to be entertained. and like a gym, it's sometimes just fun
              to watch people exercise. like, damn, you got a good body. Wow,
              nice flex, yeah sure I'll put that one away. Cool pals helping
              each other out, and showing off all of their efforts. Neat!

... anyway .. being emotionally vulnerable gives your opponent a chance to
              continue. When nothing's going on, your moves barely make an value
              (of comedy) (for the moment, so the crowd's not just sitting there
              staring at you like ... and then - and then ummmm nevermind lemme
              sit down (usually someone else picks up on it before then and
              jumps up to save you, but EVERY actor has felt that moment where
              nothing goes well and the audience just is totally not into it.

              it's the worst.

              anyway, they try their darndest to AVOID that, because like... duh
              it sucks, why would you want that. Much cooler I think to have a
              good time, and chill out and listen to your friends talk. Like,
              they can show you an argument they had earlier, or maybe work
              through an idea with input from another. like, debate club, but
              for whatever kind of respective [retroactive, recreation,
              relearning, maybe others] you desired in that moment. ideally,
              something that someone could take the arguments of the other side
              and present them, regardless of whether they believed them or not.

              like, lawyers arguing for a client.

              in these stochastic seminars, you could think about and study for
              future societies. how would you like to conduce? [-]

              every time you see a face in motion, that's another time that's
              seen from their place. we are all present in each other's lives,
              in terms of the spaces we choose to fill.

              well, that's a tough thought, but don't worry about it. faces
              are just waves on the winds of light.


