okay picture a game where you command a mech (supreme commander style) but from
a third person perspective - you have enhanced sensors tthat let you visualize
the battle area as a small arena - and you can build factories and give them
orders and attack your foe from quite a distance. You could queue up orders for
yourself, and use floating cameras to go back to previous areas and issue more
orders. Basically the precursor / smaller scale version of Supreme Commander.

build a factory, move on. Build a factory, move on. Encountered the enemy? Push
forward and through. Build a factory, move on. Build some defences to slow down
the enemy, move on. Establish resource extraction and defend it well, that your
enemy may decide it's not worth the trouble and just focus on following you.
Then, you have free resources available as long as it isn't destroyed. You can
use this to snowball - the pursuer is also the pursuee, as it's sorta like a
yin/hang thing around a central point. Like a spherical shaped map instead of
a square.

Every time you build a factory you have the choice of either sending the units
on an attack-move order or having them queue up on your commander. You can use
a map to plot the route they'll take, but you probably want to avoid their main
force because MANYvONE = failure for the one. You could also tell them to wait,
and protect the base they're in. Then, when the enemy approaches they could do
raids on their reinforcements and attack the previous base the enemy built, or
they could stay and slow them down. It just depends on what kind of defences you
want to build (if any at all, sometimes producing units is enough)

the commander decides when to push and when to entrench, they know where to
target the enemy and they know where to shore up. They are the guidance of the
army, and in command of the fleet.

That's sorta what Planetary Annihilation was supposed to be, but it didn't
really work out that way. You needed to be in too many places at once, and there
was a real limit to the value of the "strategic zoom" replacement they had to
deploy. Unfortunately it was just more difficult than anticipated, and that's
alright. Lessons have been learned.

the next approach should go the next direction - taking a page from the
"factorio" book by having a roving commander who creates all orders and leaving
behind a "factory" that produces toward an ultimate goal. It simulates pushing
into enemy territory, it elaborates on the snowballing mechanic, and it makes
meaningful decisions about what choices to make.

It should be designed such that a prudent commander is always scouting. Always
sending planes over enemy territory to gain knowledge. They can use this to
sense weaknesses in the opponents defence - to prepare a counter-attack. But
the enemy can outfox this, by building units and sending them from afar. Or
even just building them there, in that factory. The enemy can't spy on that, at
least not until it's probably too late. For they have to advance on their own
and their attention is limited. But units can often be weaker, or sent off on an
assault of their own. It's a balanced trade-off.

infantry assault anti-air units, tanks approach tanks, artillery bombs whoever
is standing still or defensive structures.
