every hunting season segment every team should be dissolved and if you wanted to
keep playing together you'd have to re-add one another. like, a giant monster
that the whole server had to fight, and once you beat it then it retreats, licks
it's wounds, then returns even stronger than before - 3 times, one for each hs
style (in the video game Ulala hs stands for "hunting season" which is an event
in the game that is only for new characters. basically it's a long tutorial or
introduction to the game where people make friends and talk and hang out and
practice their strategies. a chat application mixed in with a tactics simulation
. it lasts for 30 days.

you'd all fight the giant monster but on random teams, in a game mode that took
about an hour. it'd be at a common time across the whole server and it would be
an optional event - maybe it'd take a whole day? idk I was thinking more like an
hour, but that's something that's tweakable. anyway it's sudden arrival during a
feast or something made all the warriors of the world stand up together and
fight as one for a common goal... if only for a moment, before they'd go back to
fighting one another. like the two factions in Warcraft lore. anyway this event
causes you to be matched up with a random team (the randos you happened to be
standing by when it happened) and once it's over you have to search for your
allies if you want to keep adventuring with them. it's a big event after all.

so everyone should be forced to go into their friends list, find the people they
were just on a team with, and invite them back. only if both invited the other
would they be put into a group, and anyone can invite (with a 30s cooldown)

anyway... this would encourage players to mix and match their collective
playstyle to better overcome challenges - sorta the idea of Overwatch's
switching, where you're encouraged to swap characters to counter your opponent
and also switch characters to better utilize your opponent's weak spots

(like switching to Pharah if they don't have hitscan, or brigitte if they have
a lot of snipers (she can shield passage through choke points from sniper fire -
not so much regular fire) y'know countering - every character counters another
with one of their abilities, that's just how it goes. some are countered twice,
and so they form a "category" of counters, like AoE (area of effect or elevation
focused (it's hard to aim up in Overwatch) poke damage (damage applied before
the team fight begins), DoT (damage over time for contesting AoE heals), 
vampiric (steals health from opponents and heals self or allies (turning one
resource, enemy hp, into another (player or teammate hp)), stacking damage
(damage that is weak at first but increases over time), spread/cleave/splash
damage (extra damage that is applied to targets near your primary target), a 
vector of backline vs frontline location+target, you get the picture.)))

I kinda want to make an AI that can generalize playing games. I think if you
could do such a thing, you'd invent automatic problem solving. which would do...
so many things for humanity

we could dedicate ourselves to working for our selves, solely focused on
protecting the biosphere. like, a common human religion.

nobody WANTS to litter. nobody WANTS to pollute. but still it happens. still it
causes IRREPARABLE HARM. so it literally makes sense to worship nature, just
saying.

nature exists. nature is REAL. we can see it, we can TOUCH IT WITH OUR HANDS.

what more proof of a god do you demand?




