Hey. How've you been? It's rough when you're not around. I'm scared all the
time, and I worry about you. I hope you keep yourself safe. I'd love to spend
time with you too, because each moment is a moment spent alive. Please know
how much I love you - it's my favorite emotion and I give it freely. There are
certain considerations to make whenever applying a direction to your affection,
or anger, mistrust, compassion, humor, sentimentality, melancholy, and fear
toward. You must take into account any long term goals you have, such as
exploitation and

Sometimes I wonder if my dysphoria isn't just an extreme form of self
esteem issues. I mean, what if you just feel really bad about yourself and you
don't know why. That'd be a rough time, right? Like it's seared into your DNA
to be this way, and you have to find a way around it. That's a lot of
responsibility, and all that resting on your shoulders is a lot to bear. But
you manage, and it's admirable. I think you don't believe other's see your
struggle, but they do. And they love you for your tenacity?

 - goodness. i don't know what to say. i am worried i lean on others too much,
   and i don't want to hurt anyone by being too close. a real or imagined fear,
   doesn't matter - it still guides my actions and my methods of interaction.
   i see what you're saying, i have to think about it.

What's there to think about?

 - well, the idea that emotions are divisible simply because *time* is
   divisible. clearly you can only spend 5 hours a day with person X, and 4
   with person Y, and so on and so forth. if they all hung out together, then
   it's like you need an entire new persona to represent yourself in that
   particular crowd. just as you speak to your grandma differently than a
   close friend or a person of authority (like a judge) or any other type of
   relationship. that's why it's so weird when you see people out of context.
   like a teacher at a bar, or a cop at a wedding. each person wears a
   different mask in each encapsulated set of social relations, locations,
   roles, and circumstances. on and on continuously until

I'd tell you I love you, but then I'd have to kill you.

It was a spy book about a young lady who goes to high school and learns how
to be a secret agent. It was popular in the 2000's for a brief period, but
I've never heard anyone else who read it. Mostly because it was sort of a
guilty pleasure for me, since I was in the closet. It felt like a power fantasy
disguised as a 1st person account of the near term future (since it was written
for people around middle school age) so 
