Recently, there's been a ton of buzz in the news about internet privacy.
From the many lawsuits against Facebook, to the rise of Duck Duck Go and the
creepy nature of apps and IoT devices that listen to your every motion and
record and transmit endless amounts of data to a central server somewhere to
be processed. The traditional argument against privacy online is that the
infrastructure was designed to accomodate rapid adoption of the new tech,
rather than efficient design for distributed throughput. So we were told to
accept the minor downsides associated with centralized servers - downsides
that we neither understood nor truly accepted. Well, the technology has
advanced to the point that those arguments are no longer valid - we have mesh
networking and 5g internet access, and now that big tech is in control of the
industry (wrenching it from the people, I might add) they seek to maintain
their hold by any means necessary.

Luckily, there is a way out - self hosting.

If we hosted our own email server, then theoretically Gmail couldn't read your
messages. If we hosted our own social media websites, then theoretically
big data processing corporations couldn't scrape your personal information
and distribute it as they please. If we hosted our own videos, software, art,
and anything else we see fit to use a computer for, then we'd be unshackled
from the dominion of the silicon valley powers that be. The liberation of the
computer is the liberation of us all.

The problem, of course, is the difficulty involved.

People are conditioned to desire and only accept a level of accessibility that
can only be provided by massive corporate think tanks leveraging all the
marketing prowess that the markets of capital provides. That is to say,
essentially infinite eyes examining the interactions of man with machine, to
find the most generally applicable font, color scheme, layout, and style of
each and every website they host. Every function will be scrutinized to death
and optimized to extract the most profit while subtely conforming the minds
of those who use it. This is the era of group think, fake news, and
journalistic fraud. We have no windows to the outside world that are truly
and completely untainted by the bias inherent in the system.

A self perpetuating rhythm of continuous dissatisfaction.

But I believe the only person who can truly design a tool is the person who
the tool is intended to be used by. And by increasing the accessibility of the
tools themselves, rather than the products of those tools, we can raise the
tide that lifts all ships - we can put more tools that use less time to use
and are easier to learn into the hands of as many people as possible. The
crossbow was originally no more devastating than a longbow, yet it rapidly
outpaced the latter by reducing it's difficulty curve. The screwdriver is the
same - stronger joints can be made with nails or traditional joinery, but
once someone understands how a screwdriver works they can pretty much force
two pieces of wood to be permanently fixed together without understanding the
angles of nails or cuts. The capabilities are the same, while ease of access
increased.

So, to truly liberate the internet, we must develop tools that allow people to
host their own content as easily, cheaply, and flexibly as possible, while
being aesthetically pleasing, affordable (free), and accessible to
as many people as possible - inertia is important, after all. It seems to be
an insurmountable task, but that's what free and open source software
developers fight for. Raspberry Pis can host email servers, Mastodon can host
a facsimile of Twitter, and torrents can be used to exchange any type of file
to be presented in whatever way the user sees fit. These are all free (or very
cheap, in the Raspberry Pi's case) and accessible to anyone with access to the
internet. But they aren't easy. They aren't always flashy. And sometimes it's
hard to even describe what problem you're trying to solve.

But still you try, because to fail in this fight is to fade from this earth.

