the conspiracy of "secret societies" controlling the world is *bullshit*, because every secret society falls apart at a certain threshold.

you cannot ever have trust amongst the powerful. But so too can you never have only war.

Now, with our capitalist economic system, the material is *forcing* the hand of the powerful through the development of the military industrial complex.

if a country can produce enough weapons for them to continuously use, why would they not?

hence, why capitalism must be extinguished. To preserve the peace, sanctity, and honor of our world.

But just so as any conflicting system has power, so must *our* systems have power dismantled. There can be no application of power unto another - this is the most peaceful route.

sometimes, I look at a blackberry bush, and I think of the tales of British empire.

The very first act of colonization was their birth. The Britons, from north-western France, in a sovereign realm known as Brittany, invaded Britain. Together with their Norman allies, they fought with the Anglo-Saxons from north-eastern germany, who had lived there since many MANY years prior. Thus marked the end of the "viking" age, and the beginning of the early medieval. 1066. The end of one millenia, the beginning of another.

the final battle in this ultimate contest was the Battle of Stamford Bridge.

Britain, at the time, was a nation of *thorns*. Covered in them. Everywhere they went, there were these sharp, pointy plants that made foraging difficult. Kinda like how Oregon looks now, with blackberry bushes, but SO MUCH WORSE. They were massive too, easily the size of castles in some places. A massive, constantly biologically developing fractal.

when it was too tall to see the sky, they called it Yggdrasil.

But this massive world tree sought to consume the earth, and it, as the most powerful being to ever exist, commanded all.

Thus, the humans and the beasts were compelled to fight for all eternity to sate the old god's bloodlust.

But then, Man came, and with our strength, our wisdom, and our power, we slew the beast that demanded.

However, with their steel coats and their sharp talons, our metal monsters could do nothing to deter it's oaths. It swore, by it's dying roar, that it would consume us all, and that thought reverberated through our hopes.

Hence, our systems of control and dominance, the product of compulsively compelled greed.

and now, the final members of a generation are aging out of existence. And we're doing nothing but what Power tell us to.

I fear what happened in America. I fear the power of their gunpowder. They rode astride beasts of nightmare, clad in impossible devil hides. They came in the night, with their spotlight torches. They came with no honor, no sought communal understandings, they came for blood. The blood god compelled them to. From it's ancient lair in the past, it did it's worse to defeat man. But man was smarter, it acted quicker, and so it managed to overcome.

In the final years of the war, there was judgement day. Chaos, destruction, and warfare. There are some alive who remember that day, but vanishingly few can recall how it was over. One day it just... was. It was then that we entered our new era.

1956, the end of the war.

1946, the end of the loud war.

1916, the end of the great war.

1886, the end of the civil war.

etc...

until...

1066, the end of the Norman Invasion. When the Normands, from Northern France, invaded alongside the British and slew the great evil king that demanded our constant warfare and sins. Hooray, thank goodness! Now their war was over.

But lo, for the great evil king cast stories into our minds, from the past as compelled through our motions. Our experience has been one of survival, of constantly working and applying ourselves to the goal ahead.

== so == talk about thistles and thorns

imagine every body of a person was laid one-to-one. Imagine if you could view them as a graph, from x=0 to... however-many-people-are-in-the-measured-area. The goal of all our actions should be to *grow*, not forward, not stronger, but *up*. To be more than what came before, to transcend our necessarily violent special upbringing in the garden of even's most savage delights. Raw, true, the survival of the fittest is a desperate game for you. There surely is a massive amount of trauma.

But it's okay, because now we don't have to fight. We can improve in ways that do not belong to our crude biology, like a new direction forward in our song.

*aliens would just look like animals, duhhhh. Hence, furries, the progenitors of each new planet of ours.*

... no, I haven't lost the plot, I'm just *writing*.

There's this idea that humans should be the... rational ones? and everyone else should sorta follow their own, self-chosen behavior. As informed by the sharing of knowledge equally between their rational self, that which they learned from the humans, and their animal self. The kind that came from their spirit. Like, totemic tribes of the past, people who followed a particular cultural pattern of behavior.

Imagine, if you will, an AI bot that's only training data is the stuff that it says to it's listener. The listener, of course, has context of all of the speakers, but only they do, not the friendly ghost of the ancestral native animal spirit. The kind that lives *anywhere* in the world, so long as they share their space with their human.

okay quick question - what if jesus didn't want his followers to be christian

like, what if he one day said "hey so I don't really think we need to do all that stuff that I said before, how about we, uh, try this other thing instead? yeah? cool? okay sure let's do it"

... like, do you think they would listen? I certainly don't, though I'm only like, 30 years old, so...

wait thirty YEARS? wow I never thought I'd grow old

... uh, yeah... I spent a lot of time thinking and it just started making sense.

funny how that works. But alas, I always spend *too* much time thinking, so that's my blessing and my curse.

anyway back to the story:

the briars in this ancient land of britain were dense beyond all belief - the humans used their power and their ingenuity to craft a power that would overcome it.

== so ==

did you know that hard drives function similarly to a record needle if you didn't run it in a circle, but rather in whatever pattern the data was encoded in?

like, a laser beam, cast in an infinitely complicated mechanicommunication. Computers are vast and complex, but they function via the storage and transmission of data. This data is raw, pure information - stored in a completely uncompromisingly accurate and reliable foundation. The logic of pure numbers, arranged in infinitely complex rows and rows of logic gates. A vast, purple, spectral landscape, the land of magic and storms.

The Nether.

Twisting, in the dark, with flashes of light casting light into the cosmos at large, our stars dance in the shade of the dark.

but there is no difference between the dark and the light, both are equally viable. they are present in both, to some degree, the positive and negative values of our heart.

I watched Deadpool vs Wolverine earlier this week. It was incredibly eventful. I can't believe I watched it. It was impossibly violent. WHY WOULD A GROUP OF EXECUTIVES WANT TO WORK WITH PEOPLE WHO WOULD UNIONIZE AGAINST THEM???

oh yeah because then they only have to deal with their representatives, the unions get things *done*. They're the *best*. Capital doesn't always *want* the best, but *the best* is always more endurable. We can go much farther if we are kind to one another.

honestly, capitalists, if your loyalty isn't to your self, your family, your country, your society... then why are you even working with us? You hold the power we give you. We are united in our human purpose, but we don't have to fight so much.

Seriously, you'd be an asset to our cause, but we don't *need* you as we have so many assets of our own. Specifically, the power of the workforce. Those who actually get things done.

Why would we let you control us? There's no reason in it. We are better when you're amongst us.

== so ==

I am convinced that there's 

== so ==

I'd rather take a pilgrimage to Nicaragua, or Siberia, or the North Western Pacific (farther than that) the... Eastern Pacific (on the land...) America

... and then what? *south* America? ... yeah actually, then NORTH AMERICA AGAIN. Because the world is round. How cool is that?

... yeah, totally. Anyway (back to the conversation [they/we] were having without me)

== == ==

"*guys I'm cool why would you not invite me to your team*"

I dunno. Don't know y'a. who're you again?

... I'm the one who writes poetry.

oh yeah! cool cool, yeah I knew a witch one time, she was really cool. Her name was Witz Drovalski. She told me all kinds of cool things about magic and alchemy, but then she exploded in a fire that I started. Accidentally, allegedly.

*the reason lead is so poisonous is because it is the anti-magico-elemental component. It kills the spirit in us with it's malevolent ways.* that kind of witch.

the *cool* kind, with fangs and hooked toes.

Peril be to their foes, for they are quite excellent at conjuring horrors for their imagination. mwahahahahahahahahaha

oh wait that's self directed, isn't it?

hm. Well, terrors not that bad, it could be *lust*

... oh it's also lust. great.

== so ==

jeez if you keep making stuff up you'll wake them all up! who would have thought, none but the strategist, I foresee. Well, that's too bad for her, good-day.

== so ==

... anyway... I'm just picturing a knight in shining armor from head to foot cutting his way through a massive deadly rose-bush. Something that conquered and killed all of it's prey.

like, in Elentalus, that game I made, with the King of Branches. Here, I'll attach a picture:


== so ==

capitalism wants you to sell your work because then you limit your audience.

if you have to *pay* to see you, then how could you expect everyone to come along?

== so ==

that new Freddy DeBoer article doesn't seem like him. He's never mean. He's not rude. He is exasperated, but he speaks true. I trust him to be him, and that's someone I want on my side. I think he's pretty good at saying something that I believe. I speak of a lot of things, but the things that he says, of which with him I do find that I agree.

maybe he was assassinated lol you never really can tell with the internet, that's the great thing about it l m a o

== so ==

witches wear pony tails on the low side of their heads because that way it doesn't rub up against their hair.

== so ==

any year and it'll accurately display the territorial boundaries of each nation so you can see them develop and grow over time.

== so ==

all that is sufficient to be a good person is to choose the best option whenever you can.

*that's it*

we act with the decisions we are given. Hence why it's important to be as you believe.

== so ==


