have a thought, just a package of data - send it to a computer, and have the
computer process it a little bit. then pass it on. create a circle and you can
understand data, move along and you can understand a larger breadth of data.

it's literally just snake, except played on a board made out of a network
topology diagram. each computer has different programs on it, and they're
designed specifically to run on those computers. purpose-built hardware.

then a package of data is sent to that computer through a chain of connections.

   think crossover ethernet cables

upon arrival, the computer modifies the data and passes it along to whoever
can process it next. the computers are constantly keeping a list of the closest
nearby computers for each purpose. it might have like, 2, for a specific
program. the older the list is, the larger it can grow - if connections are
reliable then the search criteria can expand (distance etc) and the amount of
pings between the "known good" computer can decrease. eventually a map will be
made, and you can guide the "snake" wherever it needs to go on a strategic
level.

like... "i need to process some data for this guy in boston so i'm going to
send it to this other guy in philly and then maybe a specialist all the way out
in detroit, etc. whoever is the most available and the closest (fewest jumps)

this way you can have purpose-built machines, sorta like the different parts of
the brain that do different things. they're always working, and they can be
paid for their labor. boom, market economy!

ah but what about aws or azure? well it's like living in a city versus being in
the countryside. there's more space, more room to grow... basically a "big fish
in a small pond". they'd be useful for more niche things.

a but couldn't aws or azure just leverage their monopolistic power (sorta like
wallmart did to "mom and pop" stores) and wipe out the rural programs? well
maybe. but the real question is why would they? they have the power of reduced
latency. they can do all kinds of stuff with that! there's no reason for them
to bother with the high latency networks. it's like driving in the slow lane
when you don't need to exit for like an hour.

   well, okay, what's the point then?

the point is to be optimal. not for cost, but for throughput. the cost is a
consideration, but not something to optimize for - it simply determines
timeline. the only reason speed is important is because capitalism - the drive
to extinct all competition is inherent in the "for profit" motivation.
therefore something else must be optimized for.

but how can you quantify the values aside from cost? what are you going to
optimize?

the same reason why diversity is a strength. more perspectives on the stated
goal means more information, as it's passed through a medium that is unique.

people grow differently in different conditions. why would you not assume their
computers wouldn't as well? use a filter that is defined by the actions taken
by the user, and the content they seek to view and store on the computer. have
the filters modify the data according to that, and essentially automate hot
takes.

once you do *that* you can consider all that information gained from everyone's
"digital vote" and decide a path forward for humanity. that's essentially what
the "meme-o-verse" does already, and the "blogosphere" does the same thing a
little more academically.

so... compile the hot takes and look for what, an average?

no, silly, it's a vote. do the smart choice and do ranked choice, or something
like that. heck do different voting styles for different topics, and let
everyone who contributes to a topic (by making art, writing poems, w/e think
content creators) decide on the voting style. they'd clearly have a favorite,
as evidenced by their search history, reddit comments, w/e. try and understand
that history and boom you know their vote.

   but you can't always vote on things. what if it's fine and not busted?

well, then there wouldn't be much to talk about it would there? if there's no
forest fires, nobody thinks about the forest fire department. if there's no
fish at the sushi restaurant, yeah that's a problem and it needs to be solved.

maybe there's too many sushi restaurants! maybe we should schedule visits in
advance like we do for vacations! maybe we should have, i dunno, more equitable
distribution of resources, from each to their ability from each their need or
w/e.

you know, a UI in a game is an interface to the internals of a computer. they
see what you see, and how you act online determines their behavior. they are
a digital form of you, like a child follows a parent or a pet learns from a
master. so too is an operating system a method of operating both a system, and
a user.
