what if your wage corresponded to like, for example, 30$ an hour being equal to
the top 30% of society

then 

== so ==

having kids is important because then you understand why you do things for
children.

it should not be a stressful experience.

--

if EVERYONE in a city fed animals every time they saw them, then maybe city life
wouldn't be so bad.

--

a company starts to feel pretty bad when only 20% of people are actually there.

like, it's a ghost of a shell of a corporation that once knew how to sell.

the husk of what once was, as all the good people left and all the bright people
are swamped.

to top it all off, suddenly there's nobody about

where are all your coworkers?

and then you think about how many you knew little about.

who's that guy who used to stand over there? Why is his jacket still [in lost
and found, but pronounced "coat/coast"]? why am I suddenly alone

it's weird, having never known true society, how life always starts to feel like
your home. How weird is it, now that all of us are online shopping, that now we
can't remember how to even vote. Like... there used to be people walking around
in public signing you up. Like, at the grocery story.

inconceivable, right? that people should contribute to a fight? [for justice and
freedom and equality and goodness and kindness and all other things that humans
have the clarity for which to hope] voting is like, literally the simplest thing
you could do. Yet it's difficult, because of reality.

often, immigrants don't really care about politics. They've only known about it
for a short short time, but hey wouldn't you know it now X country is recruiting
so now we're from kenya.

... like, who cares about the past. Who cares where you're from. We are all part
of the human race, a race against life itself. We're all on the same side, and
yet there is a singular foe ever-present in our thoughts: death

it comes for every one of us, as we choke on our soot and our smog. Yet... the
world grows warmer, at about half a degree every year. for the first couple
years. then, the atmosphere started burning up, and we became...

mars

don't be like mars

the dinosaurs couldn't survive mars

--

bro if you're so worried about AI hallucinations, just... don't let it give out
any concrete answers. Literally just say "I can't tell you anything specific,
it's not how I was built" and just use them for syntax questions or like, how to
do something specific that is repeatable (and maybe suggestions for how to over-
come specific issues that are common) - don't let it GENERATE information, let
it PRESENT information.

AI is not language just the same as the mouth is not the person. you need more,
but luckily once you make the PHYSICAL STRUCTURE of the brain, not much else is
needed. You can simulate one on a computer, but it doesn't have the same SOUL
space. Think, a dimension overlayed on-top of this one, like electicity or
matter or gravity or whatever.

no soul, no consciousness, no perception.

plus, no home for said consciousness to live, unless you build a physical
structure that mimics the biological and neuro-chemical reations of the brain.

all you need is better ways to observe things happening in the brain (non-
-invasively, otherwise the data is tainted and UNUSUABLE because it is INCON-
-PATIBLE and completely USELESS because it reflects a dimension hitherto un-
-desired, and perpetually mourned.

death

don't dabble in death, sweet nazis, you might find yourself drawing your last
breath

also, fuck you

(if that doens't apply to you sorry for swearing it's just a strongly felt
feeling)


