enemy is a direction, not a collection of instantiations of the concept.

Follow that direction too far, and you'll find yourself lost, after having
broken contact with what came before.

you need to be true to your essential self in additional to your heartfelt
soul. Belief is a constant, a value that can't grow, it's true to your inside
humanity.

We have one intelligence yes, but have you heard of two?

it takes up the same physical space, but it gives you more apm. So... less
insightful, more clairvoyant.

The first step to AI is generating a second instantiation of your consciousness
that resides in your own head and listens and learns as their father.

A BCI is the most important technology that could ever be created.

It allows to learn how our essential existence - the state of being aware - is
functional. What makes life? How do we harness that process to make more?

The ultimate goal, of course, is prosperity. Not of wealth and money, per se,
but rather a feeling of satisfaction, growth, and development. We belong in a
society, it's what pulled us from the cycle of survival of the fittest. We need
each other because it's intrinsic to our being. Instinctual, even.

The best way you can help me is to foster what you see in me. Take your
impressions, learn what you can, then build it to your pleasure. Make the world
better by making your life better - all things are defined in waves, gravity
included.

Matter is the positive ripples in the waves, the bubbles floating on a surface
of an infinite ocean, stable and solid accretions of matter.

Perfect

Symmetry

The layers that divide our internals

Down is the floor, the sky is so pure, and we're not the ones who are drowning.

Sea levels do rise, and under all of our eyes, the life of the plant king is
choking

every beach is little if not a border with the shore - (any enroachment pushes
the sand back) so all the forests and the grasses and flowers that grow near
the ocean and

swallowing salt

they can't help it

they are little if not a machine

water goes in, salt doesn't come out.

eventually they die, and who would ever cry?

for a flower that has wilted in april.


