the cardgame "war" except a deckbuilding game. each player requires a regular
deck of cards and a deck of tarot cards (optional) - the tarot cards act the
same way that spirit cards work in Spirit Island - basically they define the
rules for your particular character. Anyway, everyone starts by building their
own trade row out of their deck of cards. Then, they deal themselves 6 cards -
the three highest diamonds and the lowest spade, heart, and club.

well, might want to do 2s of every card type. heart, club, spade, and diamond.

here are the rules.

play area is set up by players placing all four of their cards down face up.
trade row is set up by players taking turns placing a card and the opponent
mirroring them. whenever a player reveals a card and updates the trade row,
the opponent must reveal the same card and set that as their trade row as well.
the trade row has no maximum size, but if a player has more than 6 in their
trade row then they don't update a new one when buying a card.

players alternate playing a single card face up into their play area.
these cards stay in play and activate every turn until they are destroyed.

hearts   are your life points. if you ever run out of life, you die.
clubs    block damage and act as a renewable shield between you and your enemy.
diamonds are currency, and can be used in more than one way.
spades   deal damage, first to clubs, then to other spades, then to hearts.

diamonds, on your turn, can be used in three ways: spent and sent to the discard
pile in order acquire a card from the trade row, or discarding itself from the
play area to play an extra card from your deck of equal or lesser value.

on a player's turn, they may play a single card from their deck (their choice)
on a player's turn, all their active spades deal damage to other player's cards
if a spade destroys a heart card, it is removed from the game. All other cards
are placed in the discard pile. The owner of the spade may pick their targets.

a spade deals damage equal to it's number and destroys any card with equal or
lesser value. these destroyed cards go into the player's discard pile, and each
turn the player may pick one from their deck to play onto the board. if the deck
is empty, the discard pile becomes the new deck. The player may organize their
deck however they'd wish, but care must be taken as to the timing of when they
play each card as they'll need to play all of them before they can replay any 
destroyed cards. a tactical opponent will take advantage of that.
