trainers in wowchat should have spells that are only passive / toggled

still require level, still require gold (lots of it) but let the game be class-
-less. essentially, every trainer teaches to every passerby, and like if you
don't want any druid spells, sorry guy all I know is how to be a druid.

better wait for the next trainer to come along.

you only got like 6g, right? that's enough for two spells.

which two do you prioritize? they only come by like every what, 15 minutes?

also. separate idea:

player characters in wowchat should attack more rhythmically.

essentially, normalizing attack speed and moving back-and-forth with the
normalized monster attack speed

to create a dance of sorts where one character is never attacking at the same
time as the other character.

plus damage modifiers when you get closer, and bam suddenly you have a new game.

oh and rotating around an opponent lowers their defence rating. which is locked
at 95% with a +5% to avoidance with every hit they take and -5% for every parry.

not dodge, but parry.

dodging wears down their health by like 10 hit points.

relax it's no big deal you get like, a hundred every time you level up.

oh and btw the monsters don't give exp. The stuff that you find does, when you
give it to a merchant to be appraised / identified.

some stuff you know the worth of, like rope or barrels or hammered-iron-rings.

but other stuff, like the value of this bracelet, is harder to know if it glass.

so.... take it to the guy whose seen real diamonds, and he'll tell ya how much
you learned when you found it last.

item A is found on a monsters body
item is sold to a vendor for 50 copper
item A is found on a monsters body
player has learned 25 deca-levels since last selling to vendor.
therefore item is worth 75 copper.
player earns 75 extra material points.
item is worth 75 experience points.
level up every thousand or twelve.

slow down the attack speed. make characters gain bonuses for movement positiony.
start from always and work down to fewer.
talent points can be generic if your character is built with abilities.

players don't need to press buttons to be engaged. They can just guide and see.
I love auto-battlers like Dominions 6 and Legion TD 2 which is based on WC3 mod!

monsters should just... wander the world. Don't spawn them randomly, well,
instead of a radius around the player, do a radius around the map.

then, they walk through a random point, when they leave the circle they angle-
-reflect back in, DVD logo style.

if there's deadly monsters, there's deadly players, and PVP is always on.

low levels should get bonuses to stealth (an ability everyone has)

there should be civilians walking around. They can be armed or in caravans...
follow roads, or not...

monster hordes should spawn as a flock - when an elite enemy is drawn, let the
game create several of their minions which follow around. Whenever a monster
meets the swarm, they will join it, growing bigger and bigger...

hopefully, attracting players who want to fight and slay them.

greater rewards are more enticing...!

more power is it's own reward.

I think that weapons should have like, 3 durability? and armor like 5.

then, it's broken, and your character has to abandon it to survive.

or, sell it to a vendor, or just... whoever comes along.

if 5 people open the chest and don't take the item, then the item disappears...

every time a player opens a chest, a bit of wealth appears.

every time they spend it? they get stronger, and it disappears.

life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life feeds

the life of wowchat is the life of continual strife, but it doesn't have to be
so. The land itself is alive, and the monsters are eternally of woe.

you must free them, so that their souls may return to the land, and be born of
peace and plenty rather than horror and -- stack overflow --

to do this, you slay them, finish their morthly remains, and let them break down
and decompose into dust. Pleants eat dust. dust becomes what we eat and breathe.
we, eventually, purify karma. this is our duty.

vial of woe behind us. flower of renewal ahead. what we bear is savage sanctity.

every time a monster kills a player they gain one of their abilities each time
they're spawned. The player can keep the ability too, it's just... the monster
will learn. Then, whenever a player levels up by slaying one of them, the spell
or ability is unlearned. Symbolizing the players struggle to defeat them, and
finally learning a way to overcome.

when your character dies, you have no opportunity to release - instead, you just
jump to the nearest NPC character which is an adventurer agent smith style.

[I don't know about that one...]

the players can pick any race, but if they pick undead, they can turn into a
ghost when they die. The ghost can wander around and respawn wherever they want.

Night Elves can wander around as a whisp (not in spirit world, real world) and
do a beam attack like in Legion TD 2. Not enough to kill monsters, but enough to
help another player survive. They can also cast rejuvenation, which heals about
as much as one monster's damage input. if they get the killing blow on a monster
they can level up and deal two monsters worth of damage and heal for two monster
damage input. on the third time they don't get more damage or healing but they
give a buff to all other whisps in the area that increases their attack speed by
50% and increases the tick rate of their rejuvenation by 50% - fourth time they
level up they're free, and they get kicked out to the login screen.

what if... vehicles that looked like characters and that you could jump between
with the right-click of an item?

"this is just dota-ing a vampire survivors."

Vampire Survivors is just Magic Survival is just Risk of Rain 2
