wowchat would make a great game for raids.
have the monsters spawn at specific spots that you go through and identify
on the geometry
tell them to run and attack the nearest of foes
give the players the goal of bringing themselves through to the end...
or, later on, in building an internal expedition.

wow-chat, where monsters spawn in a circle around your character and walk to
ward them. you can meet characters who'll follow and protect you, and you can
meet monsters to fight. also vendors to take your junk and give you cool things,
and trainers to teach you and quest-givers to guide you and treasure for you to
find.

in raids, there are more things for you. monsters spawn at specified locations,
and only the nearest few in a radius. then, they attack over the landscape-of-
-imagination, and as they do they show you where is the most powerful loot.

if you raid a monster's den/hiding/spawning choice, then you have to defeat the
boss. this boss is larger, mostly. has more hitpoints... monstly. or maybe it's
just the most respected, who can say.

anyway, you get treasure if you do. the monster spawns for you when you find it.
and you have to sense it by searching for whichever monsters spawn at higher and
higher levels and in different types.

different monster type, different boss that way.

when the boss is slain, that type goes away.

at least, until the raid resets next week.

or maybe...

until enough resources have been gathered to make another attempt.

death knights should be able to command the minions to work in the haunted mill.
it should be reasonable for a fighter to hire a peasant host.
mages should have golems or spirits or enchanted objects or elementals or wizard
hats
warlocks should have covenants with dark hosts
darkness is not evil unless you use it for evil...
paladins should have retainers and disciples
elves should sing to the woods
clerics and charmers should be well understood.
celebrants and diviners are two of the same,
and pillars of plunder [warrior or rogue class] and rough and ripe [from the stoner]
oops gotta go, sprung a leak
