Algorism is a system designed to work for any level of organization. It scales.
It accomplishes this by abstracting individual needs into communal needs at a
certain level of size or complexity, and in doing so it enables people to take
responsibility both for their individual lives, but also the lives of the world
around them. This increased level of "stake" that people "hold" in their lives
will encourage them to develop their surroundings in a healthier way, thus
leading to a safer, saner, and more productive society for all.

How is this accomplished? There are many aspects to Algorism, and this note is
an examination of one particular facet - specifically, the requisition system
which delivers goods and services to entities larger than a single individual.

It may be best illustrated with an example. Consider a neighborhood - or, even
simpler, a suburban street, lined with houses. There may be 20-50 families on
that street, depending on it's length, so let's say there's around 30. These
families hold a common cause together - they all want their surroundings to be
generally pretty nice, clean, and decent. They may share many other things
besides, but these are things that most people can agree on.

These 30 families need supplies and infrastructure in order to have a good life
lived in their small little "town". Some common ideas for unification activities
include knocking down the backyard fences and letting them relish the shared
safe space for children, gardens, and nature. This is an example of a cultural
method for building a "good life" for them, however they need to have some sort
of "economic" method of good-life-building as well. The reason I say this is
because no matter what level of complexity you reach, there are always economics
involved, for an individual distributing blood cells to each of it's fingertips
all the way up to families sharing the food on the serving plate at dinner. Go
up higher and you have perhaps neighborhoods sharing commonly used tools or
resources, then cities and states and countries sharing people, talents, and
brotherhood.

Economics are a symptom of systems, not power. Power is coercive, it compels
others to obey thine will or else face retribution, but systems do not require
power in order to function. A system could be as simple as "you scratch my back
I scratch yours", which is a simple way that our ancestors learned about basic
cooperation. Systems can scale of course, and they need not be comprised solely
of verbal, mental, or legal agreements - computer systems, economic systems,
spiritual systems, systems of math or physics, all of these things are based on
the philosophical discipline known as "logic". Logic is fallible of course, it
is certainly possible to create systems of logic which are completely unsound
or invalid and which fall apart upon being used for the first time. However,
when considered with a scrutinous eye for detail, and referenced to the results
of the real world and it's endless permutations, logic can be an excellent tool
for developing organization and structure. Both of which are invaluable for all
humans when they seek to cooperate or coordinate.

If thirty people who lived near each other wanted to cooperate or coordinate on
the goal of "building a good life", they might reach for a logical method of
developing their surroundings toward how they feel is most suited to their needs
and demands. In order to do so, they'll need supply and infrastructure. The
question of acquiring such supply and infrastructure is ultimately up to them,
but the Algorist way of doing so is to utilize the queue system.

This system is related to queues as typically understood only in name and in
technicality, for the additional structures built on-top of the queues are more
than sufficient to differentiate it. When you, dear reader, hear the idea that
you'd have to wait in line in order to get your food at the cafeteria, you may
shudder and think about how you'd prefer anything else. After all, that's how
they did it in the Soviet Union, and there are plenty of horror stories about
how it took 10 years to buy a car, or how the factories were graded based on
weight so they'd sneak lead into all their lamps or whatever in order to seem
like they were doing well. They gamed the system, in a word.

However, America in 2025 is not as simple as the USSR in the mid-1900s. We have
computers now. We do not need to coordinate using paper and pencil. This enables
us to create things like web-UIs for Amazon, a world-wide distribution network,
or to build SQL databases full of every record we could imagine and store it on
a computer the size of a brick. There is no end to the power that computers may
bring to us, but with great power comes great responsibility, and the pragmatic
programmer will work tirelessly to reduce complexity of scale.

A queue is a system where the entities who are to be served, delivered, or
otherwise operated on are placed in line, and those which are placed first are
focused on with priority over those that entered the queue later. There are
many types of queues but this is the one we will use for this note. Using this
basic definition, we can see that there are many opportunities to implement
additional mechanics 
