this election is a measurement of fear

red states fear disorder and terror more than anything else

blue states fear restriction and un-self directed personal development

both perspectives are valid, and don't have to cross one another. But each couple years, we're forced to contest each other.

someone should make an app that was basically a massive tree structure that started small and expanded in growth

at each node [computer programming term] it would ask a moral or philosophical question, and depending on the user's answer it would map out their preferences for politics.

using the power of technology, we might revolutionize the way we vote. In doing so, we could each have our own shared understanding, and we would keep each other from harm's way.

when war comes to a land, it destroys all who live within. Everyone everywhere will be spending their lives picking up the ashes.

instead, we might decide that having a deeper understanding of what we share is more valuable than winning a contest of wills.

against a friend. to train, and improve, and stay in shape. like, sparring in a martial art, or playing a game of chess with your heart.

[basically she's saying that we could create a "permanent vote" that is able to be tweaked at any time.

the elections are still taking place every 4 years, which is when all the changes we've drifted toward will begin to take effect.

"oh boy I can't wait 6 more months for the next election when *abortion is made legal again*"

"gosh it sure is nice to have a small period between deciding something should be done and having it come into effect."

sure would give us a lot more time to discuss and engage with each other on important topics. Like gender reveal parties and their excessive [wait hang on, think about the important parts.] ugh right okay like *transsexual marriage* and "anti-ugliness trackers where people compare flaws all day and try to be the best [you're just talking about social media] oh um, yeah, was there a different type of service like that?

oh, right, you don't know about grindr yet. okay so there's this website where people would go on to have sex, it was like an app on your phone and you could just open it up and update your preferences whenever you wanted. They had this neat tool you could use to "suss it out" with swiping and choosing you could pick your own spouse.

but ah, alas, what about all the other people who aren't using the app? eh who cares they'll find love eventually, this is more *fun* than dating people you deeply know.

[sorry dipped out there for a moment - what's this about dating applications?]
