Here's my idea and I'll explain it later:

a video game with a ui that utilizes chat-gpt. The game is as close to a
simulation as it can do, but it's a dynamic simulation meaning the parameters
and values being simulated constantly change - not that the parameters and
values are dynamic, but because they are chosen to be more or less important in
reaching a goal.

but that's not even the important part - the important part is that the ui of
the game is textual, but it still simulates a dynamic playfield. And chat-gpt
describes it. Essentially stimulating the "theatre of the mind" playstyle. It's
a real simulation with real rules, but chat-gpt is just describing it like an
observer would. The real game is being played by the player. It's a movie to one
person, and a game to another. The computer has switches roles, as usually it's
either the human being the observer and the computer being the simulator, or the
computer and the human sharing the role of observer - movies and games. So in
this game, the computer and human have specific rules - the human's job is to be
a player, while the computer is just an observer - therefore allowing a 
conversation to take place. One person says something while the other listens,
and then they switch roles such that the other person talks while the one person
does the listening. And they "speak" by playing the game. The computer by
simulating, the player by doing the same. Essentially you can engage with one
another and share something profound - that essential feeling of connection that
all humans relish. Society, culture, and devotion are all examples of
connection. this gameplay is just another. So to describe it in more detail:

player gives a prompt

computer sets up the playmat by placing entities where they go

chat-gpt describes the playmat to the player

player types a decision that one of the entities makes

computer reacts by simulating the effects of that action physically (like a
physics simulation)

chat-gpt (and stable-diffusion later for visuals) describe the situation by
creating a rendering using the data given by the physical inputs given from the
simulation - like "X object is at Y position and has Z attributes"

which is then shown to the player

who types the next decision,

which is rendered by the computer,

which is described by chat-gpt

------

you see why it's important? Make something simple. Just, like spheres moving
around on blocks. Like the actual blocks you used to play with as a kid.

let the computer build the buildings, and you place the marbles. It can be
rendered with a 3d modelling stable-diffusion (whenever that's created) and it
can also be painted with 2d stable-diffusion.

Each time is like a letter written back and forth.
