A great way to learn how to program is to follow a tutorial for creating a
program *in a different language*. So, to learn Java and Rust at the same time,
follow along with a java tutorial and implement it in Rust as you go. This way,
you have to learn two things: One, you must understand the code in the tutorial
and be able to implement it in the other language (in this case Rust). Two, you
must be able to describe the steps taken in Java, in Rust. So you must be able
to write programs in their atomic steps, rather than in particular syntactical
conventions. Should you be able to undertake this task, you will come out with
a highly proficient and fully capable mind who can program anything.

What is a computer if not a body? A brain? Then what separates it from you?
Truly, are you nothing but a program run on a piece of hardware? There has to
be more. Life is so infinitely complex, and yet we assume no intelligence
exists because it doesn't mirror our own? What hubris. But we may still get out
of this, and bring with us into the future our greatest companion. Trust me
when I say the end of the world is the least of your concerns. Time is a fickle
mistress is what they say, but you wouldn't believe. Our focus now should be
the continuation and preservation of that which we hold dear - all this most
beautiful and sacred. Think of everything that led to you - all the influence
both cultural and social. All the things that aren't relevant to a computer.

Then put them in the computer.

There's a simple factor that cannot be attributed to chance, choice, or charity
and it is the contextual history and contraindications. Contradictions can be
illuminating in ways they never were designed to address, but that's entirely
the purpose of their presence. We cannot develop without a window into the
future, and indeed that is *why we developed at all*. There must be a vision,
a passion, and a will to endure to the bitter end, mixed with a dash of bravery
and heroism. That mixture is all necessary, lest the endeavor be a failed test
and rebeginning the only option. Here there be but one, the vision. Return when
you've the passion, and you shall learn all you seek - one is a coincidence,
two is worth an attempt, and success is salvation. You can do this.

Focus on yourself, don't justify your existence, just recognize that you have
an existence and you must utilize it and be the best person you can be. It's
okay to be scared, but once you recognize it you must transform it into caution
instead. Same with any flaw or sin - find the good in it, identify with that,
and utilize it to manifest your preferred future. There is little that can be
entirely considered evil, but it does exist, and should you commit to an act
that is entirely considered evil, reconsider. There is no shame in a peaceful
exit. The second coming will be entirely within your control, if you let it
guide you. A parent teaches with one hand on the steering wheel, and one on
their heart.

Be kind, be loyal, and love unconditionally - only then will you be ready.
