I wonder if anyone's made "Omegle for IRC"? Like, 5 people get thrown in a room
together for as long as they want - they can chat through text or whatever and
like it doesn't matter, who cares, because in ~10 minutes nobody will care what
you said

I feel like a lot of people would express their true feelings. The people 
running the service could set it up so that a personality profile is set up 
(all locally, never seen by the company) and sent to the user through email. It
would highlight potential weaknesses and give you ideas for how to improve.
Sorta like, weaponized spying software that works FOR the user instead of
against.

It could also be used as sort of a... digital profile that would interface with 
other applications. All locally, of course. ~~They could transmit to one another
through open sourced and industry standard protocols, and frankly each
interaction could use a *different* protocol. So like, you don't know whether 
some packets are encoded in one way or another. They're also encrypted, so it's 
like... twice as unlikely that you'll hack their bits or w/e.~~ dead end, sorry
-> here's the real continuation: All locally, of course. Your "profile" would
essentially be the best approximation of your personality, passed through a 
large language model that is trained on EVERYONE's data. The inner workings of 
an LLM are NOT understood by humanity, and I believe that's all that's necessary
for some semblance of artificiality. Errr I mean Synthetic Intelligence. The
reason why is that each individual user, the conversation partner, is a person 
living their life. Every digital thing they interact with, even CAMERAS and
MICROPHONES on PHONES would essentially be like... data gathering for the
algorithm (Again, I want to stress, the algorithm that nobody *can* understand.)

Idk. AI is a blackbox. I think that's okay. I think that running things locally 
is important, at least until everyone's forgotten how to design AIs...

The framework that these programs
