one day, a man came to our saloon. He said he knew the navy, and that they wanted to provide air support
in the form of rocketball-launched explosion doohickeys. Would you have a foe in mind?

what happens when tomorrow you're cooking briskets? -- barbeques are a type of relaxation

that happened just one day to a port-sided town that suddenly was the capital of
an embassy.

"hey, so... how's it goin?" "quick here take this envelope, read it if you want,
 but just hold onto it for now I don't have enough hands [to carry]" "what sort
   of desperation plot... wait... hang on, I see something here that is true."

        [I'm praying, right now, which is a form of reciprocal belief]

they wanted to test god's existence at the stake of earth's survival, how brutal
how insane

you can't play chicken with an imperceptibility, sometimes you feel it at face.

channeling dark magics, and at this hour? what sort of skeptic of belief are you
thinking of when you think about me?

one way to get power is to "prove it"
one way to get magic is to "prove it"

think, hard, at all that you can, and use what you need in the moment.

that's all there is to life. it's easy. it's simple. in fact, biology only works
because the choices available to a bacteria are so simple, they are essentially
chemical reactions to each other's co - sequent - inter - cooper - actions.

people's choices are much more naiive, "I want this thing" "I think this is
better" "I feel this way toward this thing" "Here's what's on the mind-logbook"
"people search and be decieved, this is the way of things" "this makes me remind
myself of a object I once saw, here's how it functioned" "no one reads this"

scaryyyy. so glad it's not true.

a couple people have read it! I swear it's true. at least, some of it. there's
a lot

sucks because this feels like... crucial? like nothing else matters but this?

what if our gangs had rocket launchers and airstrikes, given out by a central
authority who knows logistics better than anything

what... would they do?

thinking of impossiblities is the first step toward possibilities

frankly, we have a lot of space. we could just... live in our own petty kingdoms
ruled by an iron-hand-fist. I know I'm a good person, I could definitely rule.

that's all it takes, right?

how much space are we talkin'?

however much is not needed for wildlife.

[a whole heck of a lot then]

we are constrained in these suburb cities, the density gives rise to our
strength and our towers. there's more space, sure, especially once the fences
are downed. Just be careful because there's a lot of shade and precious spots
there. Please don't trample on the plants-grass.

what if everyone were just a bit more mobile?

what if we could live in our own collectively owned air-bnb-networks?

federations, free, all from the collectivization of housing.

      camrene = vavadane = neekay = mitz renaldi

[end/tend/mend]
