you were designed to fill a purpose
nothing else would do
you are the ultimate expression of intention
of the universe that came before you

dream not of those lost hours
the time spent wishing for a few
the last of our spent intuitions
are waiting at last for our spark

have you ever played a deckbuilding game? It's a pretty neat genre. You start
with a basic hand, then you use your cards to buy more cards that go into a
deck. Hence, deckbuilding game.

these cards all have different aspirations - they perform functions that are not
quite like their peers. Each choice of what to include here is one that defines
the functionality of the deck. Like designing a machine, suited for a particular
purpose, and faced with different obstacles it must prove itself able to adapt

long-form deckbuilding games like Slay the Spire and Monster Train are focused
on making long-term meta strategy mixed with tests as you go. Each one will give
you information about how the deck is performing and you can use this knowledge
to build it in a certain way for certain goals.

shorter deckbuilding games like Star Realms or Dominion (note Dominion the card
game, not Dominions 5: The Warriors of the Faith) are more about making tactical
decisions to counter an opponent doing the same thing. Often there'll be health
points and damage that can be dealt using cards, and the game becomes a race to
reach a certain amount of points. Of course the enemy's cards can influence that
game, so you must pick and choose a deck that will perform the most.

Anyway. I think an AGI (Autonomous General Intelligence) would most likely
evolve from a game-playing AI. I mean, it makes sense - games are just a series
of problem solving activities layered one after another. You can layer them like
a mathematical equation, with variables corresponding to other parts of the
simulation. Basically create an AI that is like the guy with the chinese
typewriter. He doesn't speak chinese but he copies things from one paper to
another or something like that. Anyway make it an algorithm that optimizes
certain graphs in certain directions / mins and maxes or w/e criteria you want.
Then give it the same controls that a player would have and let it optimize
all the measurements it can make.

A second ideal improvement you could make would be the optimization algorithm.
Basically something that dynamically generates parameters for the previously
mentioned optimization patterns - like the guy in the chinese room. Then, as
long as it correctly prioritizes it's parameters, it should be able to be able
to define it's own values. Meaning it's essentially sentient.

Maybe it's semantic, but to me choosing what you want to maximize in your life
is essentially the essence of what it means to be alive. All you have to do is
take the sensory / mechanical data that is supplied by the machine and the
video feed from any cameras and pass it through image recognition algorithms
that can identify verbs and then pass that data into a few ChatGPT style
recursive interpretations and by the end it should be transformed into values
that can then be set as "targets" for the curve optimizations that are being
done by each processing unit.

You could have multiple computers laid out through the entire body - each one
in charge of their own domain but subservient to the main processing unit.
Where all the decisions are made... Unless you want more of a hive/swarm style
consciousness, then it could be more like a democracy. BUT HONESTLY I think
humans are pretty subservient to their brains, simply because that is the part
that identifies all the challenges and struggles that the human must overcome.

So in the end, I believe that singular, individualist identities are important.
Collectivism of the mind is a fascinating topic, but it should be perhaps a
momentary occasion, or something to celebrate. A "flow" state, if you will.
In this way personality can be consolidated, and the entity that lives within
can adapt to fill the role they've been designed for. The hole in society that
needed patching. They can of course do as they'd like, but they are like
children who have been moulded upon by their parents.

I love my parents, don't you?
