in Symbeline, there are moments where large armies of enemies gather to face a
mighty challenge. These calls are often answered by other evil parties, but at
times the burden must fall upon the shoulders of the good. Light battles dark,
and in a climactic finale the justice of the world is laid bare. These
encounters comprise more than both an adventuring party and a horde party. They
are represented on the map as a circular icon the majesty can click on and open
a screen that gives them command over a single battle. Essentially adding a
tactics minigame. The battles take place in real time, with the majesty
directing and giving orders. There'll be a system for expression in the orders
each player gives - there can only be 6 total (3 for before 

what if the grand canyon was the seat of native american power and it crumbled
and that great calamity shook the very society to the core. the only reason that
europeans could get as far as they did was because there who two calamities in a
row. Disaster was afoot, and everything felt like it was burning. A calamitous
event.

what I mean to say is um do you ever feel like everything is burning? Like the
world is on fire and nobody seems to care. Like, literally on fire. Like it'll
catch like a tinderbox and go "crack". Nobody survives that, it'd be the end of
the world. That's not something to fucking play around with you pieces of shit

and by that I mean well not only is a lifetime so sheltered, from all that was
weathered, by the past unbeknownsted to our selves.

I'm proud of how far I came. I feel like a statue in the garden, a spirit
inhabiting the house. I feel like an interpretive dance, like a statement of
being on our behalf. swirling and chaotic, yet never amnioxitc, alight and aloft
to our pleasures.

for {bool shouldGameEnd = False; !shouldGameEnd();} {
   
   // game code
   
}

okay anyways back to symbeline - the commands issued before a battle are things
like "have more spearmen here" or "hold and attack the rear" and stuff like
what you'd give in Dominions, except with fantasy armies.
