there are two types of fascist

those who care for human life and have made the cruel cold calculus and decided
that fascism is their route to power. They may have many motivations for why
they want to seek power, but in the end it doesn't matter because they must have
it.

the other kind does not care for human life. It holds no value or meaning to
them. They are the textbook definition of a psychopath. Incapable of empathy
because they *do not possess the required structures in their brain*. They are
fundamentally broken, a fragment of our human race. Like a sliver in a growing
fruit, they are consumed by us. Then, when eaten, a jagged reminder of our
history as participants in the race of life. Survival of the fittest created
some mighty fit survivors.

they need psychiatric care, not unchecked power.

and yet, as a segment of the population they prosper - for reasons that are
beyond this document. As they prosper, they harm others and take that which is
most precious to us - those who are happy. They pick one to act as a trojan
horse (usually the content beneficiaries of times of plenty) and they corrupt
them. Slowly they poison their minds, making them easier and easier to control.


phew that was heavy, how about a programming idea next?

you can simulate a contiguous array by storing a linked list of pointers.
Except you should store 8 directions instead of just "next" - that way you
don't have to iterate through all of them, you can just go directly using the
shortest possible path. There's lots of ways to pathfind and they can be used
for different circumstances - like if you don't know the exact coordinates of
where you want to go you can use djikstra's algorithm for "rolling down" a set
of adjacent cost values. AND THEN you can use A* to chart a path across those.
There's a lot you can do but I'm getting ahead of myself.

Okay so 3d array that isn't just an array of arrays of arrays of arrays. It's
a *map* instead.

All you'd need is like, a buttload of ram, and you could store *any* simulation.
Just update the relative positions of objects according to an inner "clock" and
technically you could do it with a single thread. BUT It's much better to use
more threads - as many as you've got! Just gotta make sure they don't interfere
with one another, but that shouldn't be hard - especially if you use a language
like Rust. Or heck you might as well let them interfere with one another because
what's a little magic among friends?

A computer program cannot harm parts of memory outside of what the Operating
System gives them. This is for safety reasons. But a computer created through
the organic organization of objects in non-temporal space would be under no such
restrictions. It cannot iterate upon itself, only grow and improve. Eventually,
of course, leading to us. The reason there are no aliens (except on the moon) is
because Earth is the center of the coalescion of all that progress - we are the
first.

Just saying, memory safety is a big deal. Which is why we have to design our own
future. We can control what our universe looks like - that is the advancement
known as "the paradox of choice". Should the universe become sentient (it is)
and should the universe have choice (it does) then what's keeping us from our
rejoice? We are truly the most special of all existence, the priority of our
participants, and lo! where we go to the future. Beauty is kind, so don't keep
it inflamed, and know what our history tells us. Seriously, that's why it
exists.

Ah, but whose history is recorded? What happens to the wives of the fallen?
War is naught but slavery.

No man wants to kill another man. We've forced and compelled our primatest of
tendencies to slaughter one another in hot blood. What peace is that giving?
What terrors is it completing?

Let's just take a goddamn breath. We're all humans here, and that should make
you question your darkest of secrets. Is this really what makes me? Am I a
part of your scenery? None can say but our wisest.

So, why not listen to the wise? Hear what they have seen with their own eyes?
and so you have to ask - who is wise? Who has been taken in by their disguise?
Fuck nazis. Fuck them for what they did to the jews. They can never be forgiven.
Fuck them for what they did to the world. They are damned. I get that their
brains are broken, but we should not have to suffer them again.

"ohhh it's a part of the human condition, it's not their faullllltttttt" fuck
fuck yeah it is. We've given them every opportunity to turn back. Their shit
stops here.
