one of the potential ways to contribute as a citizen in a country at war is to
keep and maintain stuff.

Put yourself somewhere that you believe your stuff is most safe, and then work
on developing the technologies of the land. Like, this house has a drone, this
one has a garden - this house has a printer, and this one has a backyard that
kinda looks like a courtroom. Oh hey here's a public fountain, and gee someone
needs to take care of this bank - all that we can really live for, now that our
fate is taken from our hands and placed in the hands of those who fight for us.

witches are an interesting thing to be. they're curious and ambitious but tend
to do things ethically. I know in my heart of hearts that it is better to be
kind, to work to help others achieve what they want while guiding them toward
a more ethical future using the tools you have available to you. It feels better
to be adored than hated, and not only sensually but meta-strategically as well.
Frankly, it's easiest to be harmed when caught unawares. Everyone needs to be
conscious and careful and attendent to the present in order for understandings
to be made. We all benefit from one another, society is a non-zero-sum game. If
we contribute, we may build a bigger and brighter future (like grains of sand
forming a pyramid)

The good guy always wins the story because otherwise we'd be vulnerable. Stories
are a collective way of examining their tribal society for weaknesses. It's
something we picked up in the grand society of the tribes, before nations and
before and after agriculture. But post communication. Pre it was just like, "hey
this is my tree, that one's yours" but the more we talked to one another and the
more we engaged with one another the more we learned. Most animals learn less
than humans because our expressions (both physical and motion-al) are so much
more diverse. The more complex you get, the more you can learn. Which isn't
so much something we evolved into, but rather something we learned. From wearing
clothes, mostly, because like... it's cold in this ice age. Some people wore one
kind of animal, another had another. And the really rich, the ones who could
gather multiple hides, well they had more animals to hunt, less competition for
some reason, or whatever. Anyway they wore different types of hides, and frankly
it was kinda intense. It's still intense to be hunted, but if humans stopped
then the animals would control the earth.

I believe it is our duty and our destiny to remove ourselves from the biological
equation. I think we should find a way to live on our own, so that animals are
not harmed. So that plants can grow in peace and compete according to their
values rather than their flavors. There's too much homogenaeity in our world,
too much planted of the same crop. Let life subside, and nature will take hold.

Free the spirit you've contained. Release the spirit of Liberty. Gaea is our own
home.
