american leftists don't like working together because for most of their life or
experience as a leftist is in opposition to essentially all others. They might
have leftist friends, people they know they can trust, but what use is that
against the machinations of the machine?

leftist culture being anarchic in america is simply the product of capitalist
alienation

"would you arrest me if I said I don't really care about the law right now?"
"I mean... these are human rights violations. They should simply not be done."
"but, they are being done, which means they should cease."

"oh yeah? you and what army?"

--

the only one thinking about dollars should be your quartermaster.

"landlord? don't you mean external quartermaster?"

internal being of course the manager of household systems and the shepherd of
relationships and goal-oriented-behavior

vavadane

vavadane

vavadane

"any god who asks you to waste material is not a *human* god"

humans are endlessly resourceful. we can make do anything with what we got.
we always did and we always will.

always start with the grandest of plans. then, when it is apparent that material
resources are insufficient, whiddle away at the promises and benefits of the
outcome until you can decide exactly which pieces are most important.

the smartest people typically have the grandest breakdowns.

great. so bad I'm "day-by-day".

I wonder if I can type in her language?

I can speak in my mind and try to type it

we'll see what happens:

wawawawa

guess she has nothing to say. okay.

the people at the leftist bar I've met have all, with no exception, always been
unique and precious selves.

humans have always defined themselves by their relationship to resources.
a 14th century [girl, but pronounced "monk"] would see how little we control
of our nature and believe that we were impossibly poor.

"No trees to cut? No water running freely? you must live in the rockiest parts
of the mountains."

please don't kill the paladin girl, she's our favorite

"she's literally trying to summon demons"

yeah I mean, what sort of girls aren't?

maybe I just hang out around a lot of witches, but they all without exception
are constantly thinking of curses to bestow upon capitalism.

kinda makes me think that if it didn't have any curses to bear, it would be more
adept for our biomes.

HA i say to that, and HA I say to you! for I know the truth of the matter, which
is that the curses bestowed are unalike burdens for bearing, for these curses
are direct out of despair.

A healthy witch can channel energy from thin air.

A malnourished witch is a slave to her emotions.

--

SMOKE MORE WEED says the clammor. okayyyyyy...

--


