this is a game framework for a jrpg on the gameboy color
the design should be flexible enough to allow for on-screen gameplay of other
NPC style characters passed through the same control bytecode interpreter as the
player, essentially allowing the player to do everything that an NPC might and
vice-versa. the gameplay should be designed around the role of the player as a
camp follower in an army - every time they stop, there's various tasks to be
done, as determined by the randomly rolled conditions (you're not the leader of
the warband, after all) and the status of the equipment stores and other various
factors. For example, perhaps you as the player one stop decide to go and find
some fish to eat, so you take your fishing pole from the camp wagon Runescape
style and then go fish in the river. If you wanted to make more equipment, you
could find some nearby iron ore to mine and then you could take it back to the
donkey-led portable smelter. there's like 20 of them in a team! there's also
monsters to contest, and you do that JRPG style with a roguelike flair - think
the combat styles of Quest64 except on the gameboy color, so top-down and the
player can move around and cast spells and all sorts of cool things. A is attack
and B is pause the world and open up the spellcasting or item using menu. the
D-pad is for moving around the enemies. Also, your allies will wander into the
combat area while searching for materials and they'll help you fight in the same
way that the player has available - it's 0.2 seconds per selection when they're
choosing a spell, that way the player doesn't have to wait while the computer
picks a spell to cast. then, after a certain amount of real-world time, the
whistle blows and everyone has to stop adventuring and make their way back...
I hope you remember how, because the environment is randomly generated! that's
why it takes 15-30 seconds to load the next map... also there's quests that
are written by my friend so make sure that each text-box can hold two lines,
each with about 16 characters per line. her writing is configured for 32 letter
blurbs. when the player is talking to a character or reading some examine text
or something, the world goes on without them (unless in combat then they can't
read or examine anything because they're busy) and also there's shops so if you
use your skills to gather materials but you don't want to use other skills to
manufacture goods, then you can sell the items you find. similarly, if you want
to just manufacture, you can get some gold somehow and then just start buying
the resources and manufacturing high quality goods that will then be used by
the NPCs in the warband to fight in the battles that happen when you are lodging
at a new place for the night, same time as when you could go out and gather
materials or otherwise adventure by looking for trouble or interesting things to
explore or examine. then after purchasing items that are raw materials and have
no use in their current form for cheap, you can combine them with other material
and make useful equipment that the warband can sell or use (you don't get to
choose what the camp leader's trade skill determines is the best deal to make
when the wandering merchant wanders past) but sometimes rare and powerful
artifacts are procured this way like a many-colored gem or a book of cryonics or
a mens fashion magazine from 1940 or a claw hammer of piercing pines (which is
just a metal hammer with spikes instead of hammer but they're carved to look
like pine trees) or other such neato artifacts. these artifacts can't be found
anywhere else except in dark secret ruinous caves or abandoned places that have
attracted monsters and treasure alike. venture through them if you dare, and
gather party members by walking around, pushing the "yell" button, and then when
they stop and are like "... what" then you can say "hey wanna get some treasure"
and they'll be like "no" and walk away and it's like... what - then you gotta
talk to someone else and maybe they'll come with you. anyway the quests are
passed out by examining a bounty notice board, and when at that board you can
see the quests but the good news is your character will remember them so you
don't even really need to know the details just know that the more times the
player visits the quest board the more quests they get, and if the board is
upgraded (not under player control) then they get better quests and then when
the possible exploration options nearby are being presented if a thing is part
of a quest it'll have a little icon over it so you know to prioritize it because
when a quest is finished you gotta hand it in to the quartermaster who will pass
it to the bursar and the contracting agent and they'll handle the rewards for
you... and anyway you don't have to remember which quest is for what, because
the player never sees so just roll it randomly for each new item and give a
weight or bias when the player has more quests to do. The player should have no
main classes but there are many skills, and as you level up your skill totals
give you a class name title but it has no use except what people refer to you as
in conversation dialogue. these skills include things like woodcarving and
foresting and fletching and mining and smithing and forging and gemcutting and
leatherworking and magic serenading and magic contemplating and magic inscribing
and magic demonstrating (like putting on a ritual or dance-around-the-fire) and
magic synthesizing (like enchanting objects by combining them) and cooking and
computer coding and literature writing and tailoring and botany and alchemy and
many others besides. these skills gain exp points when you use them, and they
will unlock new recipe options when you find recipes out in the wild. you can
use the recipe item and it'll randomly roll one of the available options for you
and there's lots of cross-paths so if you have a certain level in one skill and
a certain level in another then it opens up recipes that can be found in the
world by picking up a generic recipe scroll which can be opened "lootbox style"
to get a random recipe selected from among the ones that you can have able to be
learnabled. this also applies to any martial skills like bravery and footwork
and parryability and exhaustion tolerance and brawn (which also increases hp)
your equipment in the game is randomly generated. each piece has one or maybe
two if it's a magic or masterwork item enhancements. sometimes, especially for
mage items, they are empty slots that you can slot your own enhancement items
into. these enhancements are generically named like "attack increase" or "bonus
to one elemental power" or "recovers health per moment" or "periodically stuns
a random nearby ally" or "randomly buffs a nearby ally's health regeneration"
or other such things. mostly they are randomly rolled with the items, and the
player and other characters can use equipment and select priorities about what
items they want which is naturally calculated based on their randomly rolled
personality matrix which is a set of two axises, or four variablesm, each with
a color: red, yellow, green, and blue. they are like humours, or elemental
natures. anyway the core of the game is following with the horde and/or doing
your own thing, the warband will wait for you it takes time to start moving, and
everyone's there for the happiness and the feast. yay celebration! we're getting
where we're going! yay let's keep moving, pack up the this-and-this thing. when
you get to the front, you can set up again, and then by the time you're at the
back it'll have been quite a bit more time. plus it generally stops around night
time so you might as well hang out a bit. oh no in the morning they left me!
that's okay, I'll catch up, their footfalls are still echoing heavily from the
horizon.
