legion td 2 style party builder with ffta classes as units and Warcraft Rumble
mechanics with tron inspired aesthetics and whatever kind of music the words:
electric submarine
bring to mind.

deploy parties. build parties. deploy parties. build parties.

a small 9 square miniature map where you can place things as they come in. this
is a party. the things that come in are ffta classes flavored as tron guys with
laserswords that hit like boffers but are thin like quarterstaves, but arm
length, and when they collide with an object they explode like minecraft blocks
in all ricochet directions, then they hover for a moment, and are drawn back to
the blade handle to be reformed pseudo-instantaneously. (faster than the speed
of the game) so, instantaneously, but displayed slowly-rendered-loaded-matically

these parties can be dropped on the Clash of Clans (I've heard) style map where
Warcraft Rumble objectives are deployed and you need to play the army cards you
developed to conquer all expectations and then be left alone in a stash. the
motivations of a toy, or a unit in Warcraft Rumble, is akin to Toy Story. Not
bloodshed, but performative play. in time, decisions become truth, as they excel
at using those [motions/motives] -- stack overflow --

oh and let the towers be built into one of a few types of buildings, randomly
rolled to determine the surroundings. are there skeletons in the area? well we
can use the building slot to build a boneyard, where we automatically train and
send MoBA style units toward our foes. is there a magical mushroom forest? we
can make gemstone enhanced golem guardians made of shroom. after the battle,
their gemstones drop, and an ally needs to be in the area or else they won't get
picked up. then they'll just sit and wait until a friend is nearby again, and
then they'll make themselves known. at that point they can be passed back and
a new mushroom golem guardian will be born. the player can invest coins or gold
or whatever kind of points and spend a new kind of gem, if they have a gemstone
acquiring mine somewhere else. then it gets put in a gemstone excavation queue,
which is dispersed to the next location that needs it.

... anyway, you can build locations Battle for Middle Earth style, except
randomized to match the terrain (or determine it, I haven't decided)

they're all connected in a large, grand-strategy style map that can be zoomed
in and out of. most of the time, units will be attacking a location instead of
other units. when they encounter an enemy aligned adventuring party, they
disengage from their monster target and retreat to the nearest ally location
or encampent. Then, when they are among force, they plan out an attack with the
new information they brought back to anyone who would listen about the updated
battle strength of their objectives. Then they would plan an incursion, and they
would gather resources for it Conflict at the Crossroads style. Each location
has certain inputs Victoria 3 style, and it's outputs are the MoBA style units
that attack their foes. Sometimes, they can instead produce materials or items
that are automatically passed out to units matching a priority heuristic. They
are tested to see what works with what units over the course of the location's
existence with a bonus modifier for each other type of similar location in the
rest of the player's majesty boundary [farms, but pronounced forms]

[during party creation which is always happening whenever the player wants to
engage with it Paradox game style]: "hmmm this unit is equipped like a mage, so
let's mark it as accepting of mana regen items / ingredients, and spellpower
since it's got fire magic on it's melee attacks."

each unit, of course, is equipped like a mix between the Hearts of Iron 4 unit
designer and an RPG style character sheet-loadout. The equippable items are
in an "inventory" but really they're drawn from the items produced from your
other buildings. If you want more complexity, logistics can be added to this
aspect as well but it's not necessary.

"ring of regeneration aura +2" can be made at a jeweler that has gold and magic
gems, and it can produce them at this-and-this rate because there's more
materials available than workers. we can bring workers from the mainland but
it's better to send materials. Sending them back is easy, unless you're an
export based economy, preferring to instead harvest resources, sell them back
to the mainland, and use the gold to import things that aren't magic but can be
made in medieval europe like armor and weapons and tools and big stone blocks
for fortifications.

... food is free and always guaranteed so don't worry about that. Such logistics
only matter if you find magic food producing options, which are totally a thing.
the people eat as much as they'd like, and the rest is exported. when you invest
in a building location, the output is always guaranteed. if it can't be supplied
by the franchise, then the others pitch in and help. however, they also provide
modified forecasts so that you can help them by reducing your consumption. if
you help them, they help you, so it's beneficial to be always developing.

... anyway, treasure and loot is usually damaged, and it needs to be held always
by a person. otherwise it drops through the floor and sinks to the center of
the planet, where the dark volcano erupted from. when lost in battle, when the
dead are slain, their items will literally sink into the ground at about 2inches
per 10 seconds. If a battle is won, the highest up can usually be claimed by the
victors but the rest is usually lost. So long as an item is being held up, it's
weight is an expression of will. Someone must always be carrying it, and if they
ever get so still that they are asleep, it will start to shift through their
forms and this kills the animal.

mundane items are usually considered scrap when looted from a battlefield. the
magic items retain their properties but must be taken to a base before they can
be identified and utilized. if they are stored at a location, they must always
be held by a person, meaning one unit from the population is required to be
there holding it and not working or anything.
