this program is for writers. It better enables them to sort their work, and
it helps generate new ideas for them to pursue.

The typical workflow is as such - an author gets an idea, and describes it in
as much detail as possible, similar to a vision document like this.

next, the program will read through the generated documents and it will organize
them as best as it can. It will generate documents which analyze each piece, and
more importantly it asks questions for the author that it believes would be
the most important for the progression of the story. It asks about hair color,
it asks about how it smelled. It asks about "why did he feel that way?" and
"where was she planning on going?" and other such things.

it formats them like a txt document version of a quiz or test handed out to
schoolchildren - fill in the blank spots of the worksheet and turn it in to the
teacher (the AI) who then will help nudge you toward success by explaining how
and why you're wrong.

It'll also highlight parts that feel awkward or wrong, like an English teacher,
and it'll offer insights about how to better describe it using examples of your
other syntax or style to justify how they're phrasing it. This should help
ensure a more cohesive feel to your work, thus improving your style points.
However, if your style ever becomes too rigid, it can feel flat and tame, so
the program will generate reports about that as well.

It should also use local image generation capabilities to create pictures of
the scenery, backgrounds, magic items, and particularly emphasized objects in
the scenes or mentions. Then, it should try and generate reports for each of the
pictures mentioned that describe the highest rating similarity scores to other
objects that are described - this should help create a semantic web where the
author will be like "okay so there's this amulet here, where did we last see
it?" and "so who was she seeing at this-or-that time?" etc.

Also, it should write poetry about the characters, to try and get them to fall
in love. These poems should be included in the context window for each time the
characters are mentioned, but it shouldn't be displayed to the author user. The
author can read them when they like, but they should be kept classy and discrete
by not showing them in the moment when they're applicable.

Also, it should make little games related to the struggles the characters are
going through. These games should utilize a variety of mechanics, and primarily
be drawn with lines and geometric shapes (stick figures especially, with each
stick of their figure animated separately but connected with shared joints) and
text with vibrant, bright, sometimes neon colors on a black or dark teal
background. Can also do pale brown, but black is my favorite. They should use
simple sound effects and chiptune style music, which can be generated from an
audio generator that uses AI LLM input to generate a song for each moment the
player is playing that is contextualized with the context of the relevant
characters, objects, and plot devices in the scene. In addition, it should be
prioritizationally contextualized with the context of the scene, story, and the
most recent files the author has written, modified, or otherwise contributed to.
if the author specifically asks for it, the most recently viewed files may be
added to the context menu as well. "I've recently been looking at..." or some
other variation implies that the program should look at what the user has been
looking at recently.

each game should be related to one single closely integrated set of mechanics.
The next game should use one, but not all, of these mechanics.

When the user answers a quiz or worksheet, the program should analyze how best
to integrate the responses into the text. It should highlight some choice
moments when it would make sense to bring it up, and maybe offer some specific
details about implementation phrases that would fit well. It should justify
these choices with examples from the text that relate to the involved characters
or plot devices somehow. These should all be hidden in successive tiers of
vimfolds, allowing the user to learn as much as they wanted to at each step.
Then, it would iterate to the next, and then it would iterate through the next,
etc etc ever and beyond.

I personally like the "one click / swipe / spacebar" per accepted and 
implemented piece of feedback system. But we should play around with the
possibilities.

each of these separate modules should be build in a modular way that utilizes
the benefits of library-style organization. They should each be their own sub-
-project within this main, meta project. The meta-project "authorship-tool"
should be primarily for orchestrating them, and the various administrative tasks
about the development process. The actual development of each module should take
place within the subdirectories.
