                            Code Name: Symbeline


----------------------------- gdd initial draft -------------------------------

   1. introduction to fantasy (elevator pitches)
   2. kickstarter demands
   2. introduction to core gameplay loop
   4. tenants and core values of the game design
   3. introduction to game modes
   5. introduction to technical requirements
   6. breakdown of core gameplay loop
   7. breakdown of game modes
   8. breakdown of fantasy
   9. breakdown of technical requirements


-------------------------- introduction to fantasy-----------------------------

   Symbeline is a macro based strategy game and city-builder based around the
concept of indirect control. It's inspirations are Majesty the Fantasy Kingdom
Simulator (2000), Supreme Commander (2007), and Hearts of Iron IV (2016). It is
designed to appeal to fans of tabletop roleplaying games with it's focus on
dynamic worldbuilding and sandbox playstyle. The gameplay consists of multiple
playstyles depending on which aspects of the game appeal to the player, with
choices between an economic focus via the GUI, longterm planning and resource
allocation, or diplomacy and subterfuge a'la Ruinarch (2020).


---------------------------- kickstarter demands ------------------------------

   1. prototype
   2. gdd
   3. estimates for character and environment art
   4. estimates for music and sounds
   5. estimates for engine development
   6. estimates for community management
   7. breakdown of mvp, ideal game state, and stretch goals


----------------------- introduction to core gameplay loop --------------------

   1. management of lanes, both width and length
   2. casting of spells and utilization of special boons
   3. city building with placement, upgrades, and henchmen pathing routes
   4. satisfying guild requirements of equipment, manpower, and special
      resources by managing shipments and local income (UI commodity trading)
   5. placement of generalized bounties
      (think champion's guild from Majesty, not reward flags)
   6. diplomacy with neutral, AI, or player controlled kingdoms. Capabilities
      include pacts and treaties, projects, subterfuge, and tournaments. The
      diplomacy system can be a stretch goal.


-------------------------- tenants and core values ----------------------------

   1. always something to do, but nothing falls apart without your attention.
   2. gameplay should be focused on macro rather than micro. Longterm planning
      and strategic decision making are favored over tactics and skill.
   3. defeat should feel avoidable until the last moment, and only as a result
      of longterm continuous failures rather than short-term mistakes or being
      blindsided by a cheesy tactic.
   4. victory should be gained through exploiting weaknesses and by using
      lateral thinking.
   5. the careful balance of internal and external threats is essential.
   6. rapid expansion leads to depletion of internal resources, while slowly
      expanding can lead to a lack of options
   7. the world should feel alive and reactive to your decisions.
   8. your kingdom should feel alive and reactive to your decisions.
   9. your heroes should feel alive and completely ignorant of your decisions.
  10. there should always be opportunities for cooperation with your fellow
      kingdoms.
  11. the frontlines should feel peaceful outside of large battles.
  12. everything is flexible and dependant on circumstance
  13. there should be enough space on the map for multiple parties of heroes
      to pass each other like ships in the night without engaging in combat.
      It should feel like the real world, with canyons and valleys and rivers
      and mountains - room for lairs and wild animals to roam.
  14. monsters are always more dangerous than other humans.
  15. the art style should be rooted in classic medieval fantasy. 
  16. equipment should feel either mass-produced (kingdom), organic (monsters),
      ancient (lair treasure), or artisinal (enchanted).
  17. heroes should feel campy, fun, and adventurous. Avoid dark, grim, and
      fearful.
  18. This game is a toy.
  19. This toy should run on any modern computer.
  20. This toy should encourage modding.


-------------------------- introduction to game modes -------------------------

   1. singleplayer - single kingdom against an island of monsters and neutral
                     settlements. essentially the multiplayer game against
                     zero opponents.
   2. singleplayer - multiple kingdoms against an island of monsters and
                     neutral settlements. One player controlled kingdom against
                     multiple AI controlled kingdoms.
   3. singleplayer - scenarios, similar to MFKS
   4. multiplayer  - multiple kingdoms against an island of monsters and
                     neutral settlements. Essentially the singleplayer game
                     with networking added in.
   5. multiplayer  - co-op scenarios where multiple players play as the same
                     kingdom. A test of the core tenant "there's always
                     something to do"
   6. multiplayer  - co-op island invasion. Essentially the multiplayer game
                     with more than one player controlling a kingdom.
   7. singleplayer - play in 3rd person as a hero in an AI kingdom. Mostly for
                     the novelty since the core gameplay loop is focused on
                     city-building. A test of the core tenant "nothing falls
                     apart without your attention"

   1 is mvp. 2-6 are stretch goals in order of ascending difficulty. They
   should build upon one another - the main steps are:

   1. singleplayer island invasion (biggest step)
   2. AI controlled kingdoms
   3. scenarios
   4. multiplayer (second biggest step)
   5. cooperatively controlling the same kingdom
   6. 3rd person perspective and character controller


------------------------ technical requirements -------------------------------
   
   1. this game will be written in lua (with Fennel support) and using Raylib.
   2. the prototype will be made with Godot using GDscript.
   3. if the performance demands are too much for lua or the engine is out of
      scope for the budget, Rust with the Bevy engine could be used.
   4. the final product will include a custom 2d engine designed for large
      scale maps with an isometric perspective and a data-first design.
   5. the game should be as concurrent as possible, to support large numbers of
      cpu cores and compute shaders.
   6. the game will be data-driven, meaning the visual aspects are simply a
      representation of the interactions of the underlying simulation, rather
      than an intrinsic component of the computation.
   7. Each "event" in the game (a character moves, a building is placed, a
      monster spawns, etc) will send a message to the visual processing side of
      the engine, which will present a representation to the user.
   8. the map will be a hex grid with pointed-top hexagons. The visual
      representation of the underlying data may be continuous (non-hex) but the
      underlying data will be represented on a hexagonal grid.

   9. there needs to be character portraits for each type of monster, henchmen,
      and hero type. You should be able to recognize what attributes a hero
      specializes in by their portrait. Mvp is 1 attribute, but more can be
      a stretch goal.
  10. Each building, upgrade, and equipment type needs an icon. Stretch goals
      can be portraits.

  11. each henchman, hero type, and monster needs 3 sprites for each action.
      more actions may be added if budget allows, but mvp is movement and
      attacking. Several additional sprites may be necessary, like dying,
      standing still, gathering loot, socializing, or any others.
  12. each building needs 4 sprites for the construction process and 4 for the
      destruction process. Flame effects are stretch goals.
  13. each building needs an animated sprite for when it is in use.
  14. each lair needs a sprite and an icon.
  15. each spell needs an icon and a spell effect sprite. Each projectile needs
      a sprite.
  16. a stretch goal would be differing sprites for each piece of equipment.
      included with this would be engine work to allow for dynamic sprites.
  17. each terrain type should have a ground material and sprites for doodads.
  18. there needs to be several GUI menus. The precise number depends on
      gameplay breakdown.

  17. each hero type and henchman needs to have pithy and unique voice lines.
      this is a stretch goal.
  18. there should be music tracks for each part of the game - beginning,
      middle, and end.
  19. there should be sounds for each action that takes place in the game
      including combat, UI interactions, and spellcasts.
