modern-fantasy

what if heroes kept their gold in their house instead of their guild

what if you played a D&D game in a Majesty town (guardposts near known threats)
marketplaces, most people live in castle (peasants at least) - only heroes live
in farms, where they work most of the time except when out on adventure

the guilds are for training and gathering parties

one guild type

just one

recruiting adventurers doesn't give you warriors, or rangers, or rogues

it gives you adventurers, who wander the forest and encounter the leftovers of
the various conquests and spoils you, your majesty, has encountered

three options there are

invite into your kingdom (friendly)
farm for EXP and materials (neutral)
utterly slay in return for a limited amount of high value and unique resources
(unkind)

... though monsters care not for kindness, seeking only gold so that they may
    swallow it whole and carry it until they rot.

what do heroes need gold for? why, that's the trick isn't it? gold is required
for magic, resources, and manpower. Can use it to invite people to these shores,
or for casting a powerful spell that turns the enemy's fortress into solid gold

can also trade through the economy, and wouldn't you know it by doing so you can
get equipment into the hands that need it, and since gold doesn't really LEAVE
the economy, it's always circling around somewhere. Meaning, the only way to
lose it is if a monster eats it, and then all you have to do is kill the monster

... sorry, the "mordaunt"

    because it's not a monster. It's a spirit that was convinced otherwise.

adventurers can pacify them, lay them to rest, and mercy lies slain for is honor

there are ancient treasure chests scattered throughout the world, and these are
valuable for many persons and meanings. You can add new gold into the economy
this way, or crumble under the weight of your expenditures on your reports.
it's up to you to manage your kingdom, and carefully balance against what foes
and challenges you are up against.

== stack overflow ==

putting a library book back on the shelves before your hold expires.

except this time, there's a note inside, and you left it for the person who you
told to check each day for this particular book to be back on the shelves.

then, you can write in your book when the next letter will be arriving (about)
and they'll check in the newly specified book.

or, you can request a response, to validate that people are still listening.

you could say "please put a note in [random obscure book] around page 34."

meaning, "I'm going to check every day for this book to go missing, then return
the day after I notice it's gone. If it's out of place, well, then someone
probably had it reserved before my friendly. Or maybe it's being sorted, and I
should keep looking until I find the note I need. Or maybe I've been DISCOVERED
and now my favorite penpal and I need more to read."

because, like, how else are you going to make friends if not by leaving them
notes in the bookstore or putting your own books on the shelves?

damn libraries, always making it so hard to add copies. They're always
laminating and cataloguing and ugh it's so frustrating. Why are there so many
books!!! we write too much!!! just put it in the printer, and then you can have
a new copy whenever you'd like. The others can just be recycled, and bam
suddenly we never have inventory.

what do you mean we didn't pay the subscription? what do you mean it's memory
just "went out of place"? do you think we wouldn't have backups of this kind of
thing, or do you think it's just "oh so commonplace"? It's not always about the
literature, y'know. sometimes it's about the knowledge you gain with your head
in a book, a different one every day.

ah, well, sometimes there are dark secrets to be found, and sometimes you must
read from a ways away. BUT no matter what language a story is in, it follows
certain rules, so spend enough time in a foreign library and you're BOUND to
find something to [evil is afoot]

== stack overflow ==


