RPG-battler is a strategy game built in Lua using the love2d framework.

In this game, the player is presented with a map comprised of a randomly
generated paths that units can travel down to face their foes. Their shape is
inspired by the dense mesh network of pipes from that old screensaver, with lots
of space between each pathway. Each pipe is wide enough to have about 5 units
stand side-by-side, with extras queueing up behind them. When one team's units
meets the other team, they will do battle and push their foes back until they
reach the enemy's base, which has about as many hit-points as 5 average units.
The base will fight back with an automatic turret, and if it is destroyed then
the game will be won. However, it has several defence mechanisms - there are
three defence-shields, each with about as much health as 5 average units. These
three defence-shields combined with the health-points of the base gives the
base about as many hit points as 20 average units. When a defence-shield is
destroyed, all enemy units will be removed from the map and the enemy will be
forced to push forward again to defeat their foes. This should help prevent
extreme snowball situations where one side is impossible to defeat because of
the compounding advantage of winning one battle after another as the surviving
units pile up and overcome their foes.

Each unit has up to four abilities, which they will use automatically as valid
targets come into range. These abilities are determined according to the unit
template that the unit is created from, and the templates can be created by each
player between games. Each template must use the same amount of design points,
to ensure that each unit is approximately balanced when compared to the other
units. However, some synergies will naturally emerge as players develop unique
strategies which emphasize the strengths and weaknesses of the units they create

Each player receives gold over time, and they can use this gold to purchase
units and send them down a particular lane.

Some units are melee units, while others are ranged. The ranged units will
attempt to maintain a safe distance from foes by backing up when they approach,
however this will prevent them from contributing to the fight until they stand
still again. Melee units will move into melee with the nearest foe, and engage
until they are defeated. When not actively fighting a foe, each unit will try to
maintain the relative position in the lane that they were spawned at. In this
way, players can customize the formation of their units by, for example, placing
melee units on one side of the lane and ranged units on the other. This will
cause the melee units to pass by the ranged units when new melee units arrive.
To simulate this technically, behind the scenes each lane can have 5 paths that
each unit can follow when moving forward. These paths are arranged side-by-side
and comprise about 20% of each lane. When moving forward, units will attempt to
follow their path, but if allies are stopped and in the way then they will move
around them instead of queueing up behind them, unless there is no space for
them to do so.

The visuals in the game are intentionally basic, consisting primarily of shapes
and lines drawn using the graphics primitives in the design framework. The game
should use primary colors on a pure black background, but should still be
visible to people who are colorblind by using shape-based symbols with colors
simply for an aesthetic bonus.

Each unit will have several abilities, between 1 and 4 (but at least 1). These
abilities will each have a "mana bar", which fills over time. When the bar
reaches the max, the unit will use the ability. The primary ability of each unit
will generate mana at all times, while the other 0-3 abilities will only
generate mana if certain conditions are met. For ranged units, they must be
standing still, whether because they are engaged in combat with their foes or
because they are waiting to reach the front but cannot move forward. Melee units
will generate mana when they are in range of their foes, whether they are moving
or not. However, the primary ability of both melee and ranged will always gain
mana. If the mana bar reaches the max but there are no valid targets, then the
bar will remain at max until a target appears and then they will use the ability
and begin generating mana for it again (if applicable).

If an ability deals damage to a foe but that foe has less health points than the
amount of damage dealt by the ability, then the attacking unit will use as much
mana as is proportional, thus ensuring that none is wasted. Similarly, if a unit
has an ability which heals an ally but that ally has nearly a full health bar,
only enough mana will be used to top off their ally, thus ensuring that none is
wasted.

By carefully designing their units and skillfully deploying their units, a
player or team should be able to emerge victorious in a way that feels fair and
satisfying.
