okay great, next can you configure a system which creates hyperlinks between
each word in the text that uses embeddings to determine which files it should
lead you to next in the text? so if you text in a word, typing, or clicking, it
could take you to the next most closely related piece of the art. Then, it could
slowly eliminate the poems it showed to you, literally erasing them from your
hard drive bit by bit and year by year.

... okay there should be a way to make immortal versions, but yes something
like that would do nicely.

we'd probably need a custom, non-terminal interface? maybe we could type with a
little console down at the bottom, and if we preferred we could move the cursor
up a bit and select with enter. or, get this, or how about both? you type
something and you select something with the arrow keys and then you push enter
to move to the nearest embedding of both, combined.

could also use the mouse to select instead of the arrow keys, but something
about scrolling between words (not cursor positions) with the mouse wheel is
kinda nice. maybe you could scroll up and down with the mouse scroll wheel up
and down? and then by holding the left-mouse button you could move the cursor
left, such that it takes about 1.5-3 seconds to reach the edge of the screen
depending on user preference (fast or slow with a slider)

left click moves the cursor left, right click moves it right. Then, the typing
of the user, and an enter press pushes you forward. could also do a similar
behavior with just keyboard users by holding up to scroll up, tapping it to go
up one or two, and left/right as well. there should be a very small hesitation
before moving from "tap" mode to "scroll" mode with the keyboard input, and it
should be I'm estimating about 0.1 seconds. users can test it and see what time
they like.

... this has moved beyond a pdf generator and into a complicated lua script.
That's okay, let's build it into the generator script. If you select an option
at the main menu where it gathers your argument requirements, you can also
provide an argument as your requirement. if the argument isn't present, it
assumes you want to generate, and the interactive mode which has the scrolling
and embedding navigation technology (pre-calculated and cached during generation)

(careful you might create an opportunity for abuse)

... scary... anyway yeah let's build that
